join us live on monday, 83 at 12:30 pm pt3:30 pm et for a virtual masterclass led by global artist @gilbertsoliz. tune in for tips on how to create the ultimate summer look and get an exclusive offer to shop on marcjacobsbeauty.com. head to the link in our bio to sign up for access now. the stunning @gabxxrielle takes us to paradise with our new retro paradise collection! products featured: -retro paradise 18 piece eyeshadow palette -multi-dimensional face body shimmer in shade sol -line shine lip kit -glow up body oil in shade sunkissed -primer glow oil available now on our website and @target so very cherry @aseamaebeauty’s juicy swatches have us craving cherry on top more than ever learn how to create a golden metallic eye look with ultra-long lashes in a virtual masterclass led by global artist @gilbertsoliz. be sure to click the link in our bio to get access and tune in on monday, 83 at 12:30 pm pt3:30 pm et. hello, gorgeous! @antwtff gets this simple yet sultry makeup look using our liquid liner in brown in shade 3.5! thanks to our waterproof maker, you can put on your favorite mascara and eyebrow products on hot summer days without hesitation. benefit from our large mascara liner sale: save 33 on the purchase of our selected bestseller mascaras and long lasting liquid liners. no coupon code needed.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ glow with gold charlie from @teamrevolutionbeauty is glowin' with this golden look using the new @revolutionpro 24k gold shadow palette swipe for a peek at the palette shop the 24k gold shadow palette for £14.99€12.99$20 at revolutionbeauty.com plus get a free mystery makeup bag worth £€$30 when you spend £35€40$45 full terms online what's in our préférence box? the transparent gel formula is infused with precious oils and a new floral fragrance with amber notes, whilst our shine protect conditioner is enriched with uv filter vitamin e derivative to preserve the radiance of your hair. mesmerise with the new @revolutionpro 24k collection featuring the 24k shadow palette, 24k gold priming serum, and 24k gold setting spray swipe for a closer look at the whole collection swatches 24k gold shadow palette £14.99€12.99$20 this 18 panned shadow palette is brimming with a sublime edit of buttery smooth warm, cool and true golden tones plus richly pigmented, warm transition shades in matte, reflective, pearl and glitter formulas 24k gold priming serurm £15€17.99$20 infused with plant derived collagen, hyaluronic acid vitamin b5, this primer will eave the skin hydrated, feeling plumped and prepped for long-lasting makeup. plus, the unique gold flecks will give the skin a gorgeous natural-looking glow without feeling heavy or cakey on the skin 24k gold setting spray £8€8.99$10 this stunning setting spray will keep your makeup in place, whilst the golden shimmer will give your skin a gorgeous warm glow shop the new 24k gold collection at revolutionbeauty.com plus get a free mystery makeup bag worth £€$30 when you spend £35€40$45 full terms online discover our methods for evaluating the performance of our formulas the effectiveness of our products is demonstrated by clinical or consumer tests carried out by independent institutes if you want to have beautiful hydrated skin, hyaluronic acid is your new hero. retaining up to 1,000 times its weight in water, this sponge-like molecule helps to provide you with a bouncy glowing and smooth complexion new we’re redefining “the best” in skincare technology. inspired by groundbreaking research, new advanced night repair is the high-performance that no one should live without. 90 said their skin immediately felt softer and smoother 91 said their skin felt more resilient after just 3 weeks 92 said their skin was left with a healthy glow after 3 weeks 89 said their skin felt firmer after just one bottle tap to shop and be sure to share a selfie on instagram using tagging us @esteelauder for a chance to be featured! consumer testing on 543 women 1.7 oz. bottle pastel pink nails never get boring! our art couture nail lacquer n°011 baby sea star is the living proof for that.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @lackbambi⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ in 3, 2, 1... meet the new advanced night repair, our ultimate skincare revolution. it’s now more advanced, comprehensive, and effective than ever. after one dropper: skin looks radiant and plumped with hydration. after three weeks: lines appear reduced. 88 of women said skin looked more youthful. after 1 one bottle: skin feels firmer. 89 of women agreed skin looks healthy and has a new bounce and vitality. even better, it’s housed in a sleek, recyclable glass bottle that’s going to look amazing in your consider it the skincare equivalent of a glowing genie lamp! consumer testing on 543 women. 1.7 oz. nude on nude sophie from @teamrevolutionbeauty wears the new @revolutionpro nude on nude colour focus palette for a lil' neutral moment swipe for a closer look at the two new additions to the colour focus capsule collection each colour focus palette offers 10 finely milled baked pigments to provide the smoothest blend and intense colour pay-off, in a mix of velvety mattes, earthy browns and sensational duo-chrome formula get yours now for £12.99€14.99$20 each at revolutionbeauty.com intense plumping dramatically hydrating and nourishing play up your pout with our new lip injection maximum plump! with a new formula, new benefits, and a brand new glass bottle that just happens to be recyclable the next generation of new advanced night repair face provides our most comprehensive skin repair ever... after just 1 bottle of new serum, 89 of women said their skin felt firmer. the hyaluronic acid packed formula hydrates for 72 hours and leaves skin feeling bouncy. tap to shop be part of like @dianapenty and try the latest innovation in skincare, now! 1.7 oz. bottle consumer testing on 543 women we've got for @makeupbylaura.anne's morning essential. anti-aging serum hydration luminous finish. bareskin complete coverage serum concealer can do it all. are there any other bareskin concealer fans out check out how @barbieferreira catches that light using no pigment glass highlighter for face lip. a glass-like glow without the sticky feel. join the infaillible team! for a flawless foundation base that resists sweat, water, and transfer, simply pair our infaillible 24hr freshwear foundation with the infaillible magic setting spray and you're good to go! @dixiedamelio is a whole starry sky mood tag an august baby below⁣ this month we turn 16 and we are celebrating all month long! here's how you can join in on the fun:⁣ e.l.f. beauty squad loyalty members will score triple points on our 16 most hyped, loved reviewed icons. sign up for beauty squad today!⁣ we’ll be hosting a mega contest in which you could win a spot on our pr list for a full year check back for more information on monday⁣ delicious giveaways with a few of our favorite sweets brands we launched 3 perfectly-curated, limited edition sweet 16 kits with all your e.l.f. faves- available now exclusively on elfcosmetics.com!⁣ who's excited?! she's a star celeb mua @amberdmakeup slays this starry eyed using our new epic wear liner sticks in frosted lilac blue trip pink spirit turquoise storm chill blue why we our setting powders: silky, weightless texture soft-focus effect perfect to set, mattify, absorb oil or bake! available in three shades: translucent, banana, and deep. get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com decisions, decisions which too faced palette matches your mood this weekend? comment below! @deniseculbreth is taking us on a trippp with these crystals sure to amp up any look with some serious sparkle bag em exclusively on our site! mu by @makeupbyashsimmons feelin' zesty @mynails17 swatches our high gloss nail polish in zest one coat is all it takes to achieve a highly-pigmented sweep of colour enriched with avocado oil to nourish nails 1 dropper 2 perfect new serum application! leave a below if you love advanced night repair you're part of what’s your 2020 fortune?! p.s. check out our stories to see which mask you should be wearing! meet the new @llbeautytips and @heidyasanchez talk about how the best just got better! ​our high-performance serum gives your skin a boost of radiance but doesn't stop there thanks to our new 8-hour antioxidant protection, advanced night repair also reduces the look of multiple signs of aging caused by pollution and environmental assaults for skin that feels resilient and fortified shop now: face serum: https:estee.cm3k2gmww treatment lotion: https:estee.cm339qzbw revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm2draymd anti-oxidant 72h-hydration sorbet creme spf 15: https:estee.cm33rah7l pro artist @alexandriamariee slays this mask moment with a lil graphic liner here's how to recreate the look: epic wear liner sticks in turquoise storm blue trip micro brow pencil in espresso control freak eyebrow gel on the rise volume liftscara meet our new 35c everyday chic artistry palette! where neutral shades of taupe and camel are complemented by soft hues of purple, jade, and sapphire. with velvety matte and eye-catching shimmer finishes, these 35 shades add a touch of glam to any occasion. launching 84 on morphe.com select morphe stores! now available @ultabeauty all-day matte! if you want lips that last without smudging, our infaillible matte lip crayon is what you're looking for! it gives a high color payoff in just one swipe! plus, it's enhanced with jojoba oil and a sweet caramel aroma! sounds delicious, right? our new advanced night repair face serum includes everything you love and nothing you don’t. what it has anti-oxidants skin-plumping hyaluronic acid new and exclusive chronoluxtm power signal technology powered by potent peptide, ferment, and plant-derived ingredients what it doesn’t parabens phthalates sulfates we know that daring women want powerful and convenient solutions to care for their hair 247. so what if, we told you that you could finally have a long-acting night hair care for your blonde? more coming soon… introducing our limited edition sweet 16 collections 3 curated kits offering all of the e.l.f. essentials you need in poppin' neon pouches inspired by the 2000s. sweet 16 as if set⁣ create a flawless base and finish for your makeup with our sweet 16 as if prime and set kit. it includes our poreless putty primer, makeup mist set and a yellow neon pouch.⁣ sweet 16 that's hot set⁣ achieve any makeup look using these essential brushes and tools. our sweet 16 that's hot brush set includes the total face sponge, ultimate blending brush, angled blush brush, eyebrow duo brush, blending brush, and a hot pink neon pouch.⁣ sweet 16 bling set⁣ achieve a subtle to dramatic eye look with the sweet 16 bling eye set. this set includes our expert liquid liner in jet black, liquid glitter eyeshadow in flirty birdy, our rose gold eyeshadow palette, faux mink lashes in social butterfly and a green neon pouch. available exclusively on elfcosmetics.com while supplies last! loving these colours @sonya.elle.dee uses the forever flawless flamboyance flamingo palette for this bold look products used:⁣ brow sculpt kit in dark brown⁣ forever flawless flamboyance flamingo palette⁣ renaissance flick eyeliner in brown⁣ big lash mascara⁣ flamingo mini trio blush oh my blush⁣ glow splendour bronzer in deep⁣ lip set. line 'em up! our new epic wear liner sticks didn't come to play! these pigmented af pencils deliver 36 hours of waterproof, smudge-proof, and fade-proof color @maquillageitup legit lashes check @huda i want candy a freshly-spun cotton candy palette, that is swipe to see some pigmented swatches signed, infaillible create a resistant signature look with our infaillible 24h freshwear foundation, more than concealer and brilliant signature lip stain for a pop of color! welcome to the future of skincare, featuring new we make history and shape the future. welcome to the future of skincare: new advanced night repair. first invented in 1982, our number one serum just got even better. leave a if you can’t wait to try the new spotlight on @louiecasttro and those keeps them perfectly set all day long! global artistry ambassador @morganemartini shows us how easy it is to glide on the new limited-edition gel eye crayons on @danielladavis. recreate this gilded eye look: -glide on in oh my gold! in the inner corner of the eyes. -use in olive you to create the outer wing. -top it off with mascara for long, defined lashes. show us your wing this summer and be sure to tag new advanced night repair has youth-generating power–helping skin boost its natural collagen so you always put your freshest face forward–and infusing skin with 72-hour moistureyou bring a young heart we’ll bring the serum. liquified light highlighter in shade creativity was inspired by pressed highlighter in best-selling shade champagne pop. get a pearlized glow for face and body with our new liquid highlighter in 5 shades inspired by our best-selling shades of pressed highlighter. find them online at @ultabeauty shook @safai305 is complexion goals in she wears our new born this way matte foundation shade spiced rum, super coverage shade butterscotch to highlight and shade sable to contour. have a nice day @harbsy uses our epic wear liquid liner in 'black' paired with our new epic wear liner sticks in 'cosmic yellow' to slay this super smiley liner introducing new advanced night repair! the iconic has always been synonymous with innovation, so of course we brought the same passion, pride, and attention to detail that we give our number-one serum to the bottle it comes in. now housed in a sleek, substantial, and expertly-crafted glass bottle, our new advanced night repair is not only a statement piece for any skincare but it’s recyclable, to boot though you might be tempted to display it as an objet d’art. @ivanbaaaaah is absolutely glowing in our retro paradise collection check out the full tutorial on our youtube channel! products used: primer glow oil poreless putty primer retro paradise 5 piece brush set retro paradise 18 piece eyeshadow palette line shine lip kit srsly satin lipstick in shade nectar multi dimensional face body shimmer in shade sol glow up body oil shop the collection on elfcosmetics.com and @target choose one: precisely, my brow pencil or goof proof brow pencil! @gabrielle.shoots they're stonned and sweet @alex.joy is dripping in flavor in brand new sweet shoppe shadows with a sprinkle of exclusive get stonned sparkle on top mu by: @kenna.reef blessing your feed with a lil liner inspo here's what you'll need to recreate @krystaldianna icy graphic liner moment: epic wear liner sticks in blue trip pure white epic ink liner micro brow pencil make a bold statement with the new limited-edition hues. which shade is catching your eye? brows fit for a queen @alissajanay combines in shade 5 in shade 5 to get these gorgeous on point! don't miss out! get a free mystery makeup bag worth £30€$ when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com this offer won't be around for long, so shop now or regret it later!⁣ full price only. excludes sale products. offer automatically applied at the checkout and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. one per customer while stocks last put the spotlight on the iconic rouge dior 999, the legendary red lipstick, and steal the show on the red carpet! rouge dior 999 matte undeniably vibrant! for a luminous statement color, full of reflects, with optimal grey coverage... préférence is what you need! are you finally ready to unleash your hair’s natural intensity? get your summer essentials to-go like our lovely content creator @thatslifeberlin products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ magnetic palette⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°508, n°372, n°551, n°520, n°26⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°20, n°06⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°32, n°35⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @thatslifeberlin⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ you are worth it and we know it we are proud to have welcomed you to our labs and let you discover the other side of l’oréal paris..now you know more about our commitments to: the safety of our ingredients the efficacy of our formulas a world without animal testing. because when we say ‘you’re worth it’; we really mean it how many forever flawless palettes are too many? the limit does not exist @phfashioninsta has got her hands on our decadent, allure, unconditional love flamboyance flamingo palettes, plus our lil' flamingo mini trio blush palette in oh my blush! things that bounce: things that should also bounce: your skin! new improves skin elasticity your skin looks plumper, firmer, bouncier. join and the 89 of women who said their skin felt firmer after just 1 bottle. consumer testing on 543 women. 1.7oz bottle gorgeous @latricelondon the iconic gold can! whether you want to style, unstyle or restyle your hair you can always count on our normal hold hairspray to help you achieve your desired hairstyle. it won't let you down! have you tried it yet? you already know your day time routine, now your blonde dream will finally come true with a night time gesture! calling out all blondies to complement your routine with the new sérum cicanuit! an intense overnight recovery sérum that erases 55 of damage from bleaching! are you ready to sleep your way into a healthy blonde hair? 1 bottle to better skin. believe the new advanced night repair hype: 88 said their skin’s texture looked more refined 89 said their skin felt firmer 90 said their skin felt fortified tap to shop new consumer testing on 543 women. celebrate national treat your skin day by showing your skin some love with the hydrating nourishing ingredients in our hangover skincare! comment your fave product below! brb, gotta glow @pieknopomojemu gets up close with our glow heatwave eyeshadow palette, filled with 28 matte and shimmer shades shop now at revolutionbeauty.com, plus get a free mystery makeup bag worth £€$30 when you spend £35€40$45 full terms online long-lasting around the clock! if you're rushing out the door, here's a 2-step makeup routine you can accomplish in less than 5 minutes using our more than concealer and infaillible 2-step lipstick for flawless, full coverage with a bold lip. imagine skin that looks smoother, less lined, more radiant and even-toned; even reduce the look of lines and wrinkles in just three weeks! now stop imagining it and make it happen with new advanced night repair! consumer testing on 543 women. is now available @ultabeauty! @charlidamelio is droppin' a hint of color onto your feed a 4-in-1 defining highlighting brow pencil?! say no more plus, score 50 off our at @belk through 88! which hairstyle do you like better? 1 or 2? first video: @alexgorbacheva second video: @youngcouture repost @bebeautymood the whole sweet shoppewhich of these flavorful, monochrome scoops have you tried for yourself?!tell us in the comments below brb applying 100 coats of our bare with me cannabis lip conditioner keep your skin looking flawless shine-free all day long with our new 24-hour born this way matte foundation this way matte foundation! did we mention it comes in 35 shades?! tap to shop via ig checkout! @sephora get some reds on your nails how do you like the color of our art couture nail lacquer n°673 red volcano?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @lackopfer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ in celebration of our sweet sixteen this month, we'll be highlighting our e.l.f. icons 16 e.l.f. products that changed the game! introducing e.l.f. icon 1 of 16 our ride or die lip balm! why it is an icon: infused with jojoba oil and vegan collagen for the ultimate hydrated and plumped lips adds the perfect amount of sheer color each shade is deliciously scented $5! 100 vegan and cruelty free shades: mighty mint clear shade with a mint scent boss berry sheer red shade with a berry scent tough cookie sheer warm caramel shade with a brown sugar scent just peachy sheer orange peach shade with a peach scent shop now and don't forget to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to earn triple points on our e.l.f. icons, all month long a lil glam never hurt nobody @amanda.whoo stays slayed hydrated with our bare with me hydrating jelly primer clean ingredients, major impact. strength length mascara’s vegan formula delivers dramatically longer, lifted lashes. flower power @funbeautygigi is blooming in this crazy cool look using our power pencil in white all joy, no worries! believe us when we say, our flash cat eye eyeliner will have you smilling from ear to ear! why? it's smudge-proof, which means it won't budge all day. last day to grab 40 off @jamescharles shades and eye brushes on morphe.com select morphe stores. what makes new irresistible? the magic of science! nothing up our sleeves, just perfectly hydrated, moisture-rich, radiant skin. with just one dropper of new advanced night repair face 90 of women said their skin felt softer and smoother. consumer testing on 543 women. introducing your new night time gesture: sérum cicanuit for the ultimate beauty sleep for all types of blonde! this powerful sérum contains the highest concentration of hyaluronic acid to recover 55 of bleaching damage overnight. cicanuit shields your hair against friction, breakage, split ends and will durably improve fiber quality for softer and luminous hair! you dare, we care even when you’re sleeping! @nizzysplayhouse uses our kohl liner pencil in simma brown now! to achieve her fierce eyebrows get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com shake it up and glow! @ministryofmakeup applies our revolution face body radiance shimmer body oil in pink with the revolution body brush for stunning shimmer sheen best bit? it smells like coconut pineapple too! get a free mystery makeup bag worth £30€$ when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com! we gotchu covered with our bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer protect prime with just 1 pump! available online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty go for gold with our limited-edition eye-conic palette and gilded highliner hues. @morganemartini created this look on @erincromwell using: in glittersweet and oh my gold! eye-conic palette in extravagance!, shades true, love, found, and at last mascara if can make us look like this, sign us up! @jessyluxe used our waterproof liquid eyeliner in brown to create this softer version of a graphic liner look! classic beauty! achieving a flawless, everyday makeup look with is easier than you think! to recreate this timeless glam suitable for any occasion, go ahead and use our.... infaillible 24hr fresh wear foundation flash cat eye eyeliner rouge signature 115 'i'm worth it' the best part is that all of these products have the power to resist! press for the dreamiest summer makeup tutorial stunning @kailinchase uses our retro paradise 18-piece eyeshadow palette and glow up body oil in shade sunkissed to create this gorgeous look. tap to shop! fill fluff gloss! @ashgrang serves this sunday slay with the help of our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil butter gloss in 'angel food cake' smooth and plump your lips with a wash of buildable, light-reflecting colour. formulated with mango butter, jojoba seed oil, and the flavor of juicy mango, hydra-light plumping lip balm nourishes dry lips with moisture. plump your lips with juicy color our new lip injection lip gloss is available in 16 high-shine creamy shimmer finishes! elevate your everyday lash look with our wand’s wavy bristles are designed to evenly coat your lashes with just the right amount of mascara. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. skip the salon fluff 'em up with our brow holy grail: fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil shape fill with the waxy pomade pencil style fluff with the innovative paddle brush true story: air stick foundation glides on like a dream and feels like you aren’t wearing a thing it’s made with ultra lightweight powders shea butter to create a smooth, skin-like finish! @gabrielle.shoots @ahliyah.michelle is lookin like a wholeee ice cream sundae with a mix of delish majorly pigmented sweet shoppe palettes sound on! @makeupbymissevelyn spills the tea on how to achieve defined snatched brows using our micro brow pencil glowing or matte skin? we got you e.l.f. glow collection: this set will get you that dewy glow with amazing hydrating ingredients like hyaluronic acid, coconut, argan oil, and shea butter. e.l.f. matte collection: control shine with the mattifying powers of kaolin clay which helps control and blot away excess oil for a shine-free finish. available on our website and @walmart brows on point! @raquellelynnette combines in shade 4.5 to get her gorgeous brows! our hot chili lip booster gives you irresistible lips with maximum volume. have you already tried it?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ just dropped!meet our new @revolutionskincare body care range, formulated with powerful active ingredients like vitamin c, salicylic acid ahas to bring the power of skincare to your body swipe to see!⁣ vitamin c glow body cleanser⁣⁣ vitamin c glow body scrub⁣⁣ vitamin c glow shimmer moisture lotion⁣⁣ vitamin c glow moisture cream⁣⁣ salicylic balancing body blemish cleanser⁣⁣ salicylic balancing moisture gel⁣⁣ aha smoothing body cleanser⁣⁣ aha smoothing moisture balm⁣⁣ aha smoothing intense moisture lotion coming soon⁣⁣ swipe for all you need to know⁣⁣ get 20 off body skincare when you buy 3 or more products, plus get a free mystery bag when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com! also at @bootsuk @asos! nisha from @teamrevolutionbeauty uses our new salicylic balancing moisture gel enriched with salicylic acid, this moisture gel penetrates into pores to help loosen and remove the build-up of sebum and dirt to prevent blemish formation. formulated with glycerin and betaine to draw moisture into the skin and lock it in place, and allantoin to help condition the skin, moisturise, and reduce redness, whilst inulin a prebiotic helps to leave the microbiome balanced get 20 off body skincare when you buy 3 or more products, plus get a free mystery bag when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com! also at @bootsuk @asos! be extraordinary! the extraordinary oil is formulated to transform every type of hair. with a blend of 6 precious flower oil extracts, it provides full nourishment and brings out 6 times more shine! rouge dior 999 matte is a couture icon created to dress all women's smiles! rouge dior 999 matte the combination of our amazing effect mascara and our long lasting liquid liner makes this cut crease look even more beautiful! benefit from our large mascara liner sale: save 33 on the purchase of our selected bestseller mascaras and liners. no coupon code needed. other products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high performance eyeshadow stylo n°46 benefit lavender grey pro tip brow liner n°15⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°10 pearly white, n°27 pearly luxury skin, n°530 matt chocolate cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ meet our new glow body care range, formulated with vitamin c with the uplifting scent of grapefruit and mandarin. swipe for all you need to know!⁣ vitamin c body cleanser a silky-soft cream that cleans the skin without stripping it of its natural oils. with vitamin c, grapefruit complex, glycerin, inulin, sweet almond oil.⁣ vitamin c body scrub glow-boosting scrub to help buff skin and remove dead skin and dull and flaky patches. with vitamin c, grapefruit complex, inulin, rice and apricot kernel powders.⁣ vitamin c moisture lotion with shimmer glow all over with this moisture lotion boosted with shimmer particles. with vitamin c, grapefruit complex, shimmer particles, shea butter, glycerin, vitamin e, grape seed oil, and inulin.⁣ vitamin c moisture cream nourish skin with this moisture lotion that leaves skin feeling and looking brighter. with vitamin c, grapefruit complex, shea butter, fatty lipids inulin.⁣ get 20 off body skincare when you buy 3 or more products, plus get a free mystery bag when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com! new we know the saying—if it’s not broken, don’t fix it. but we saw an opportunity to make our iconic advanced night repair serum even better, and we couldn’t refuse. tap to shop new and learn more about what's new below: what we kept: the texture. that’s confirmed by more than 400 loyalists. and it’s still oil-free! the testing. as always, it’s dermatologist-tested, and non-acnegenic won’t clog pores! proven effective for all skin tones. it’s still the one product no one should live without. what we made better: new anti-oxidant power. now provides 8-hour anti-oxidant protection. new firming benefit. 89 of women agreed skin had more bounce and vitality after 1 bottle. new diminished pores. 88 of women said their skin’s texture looked more refined after 1 bottle. what we don’t have: parabens phthalates sulfates consumer testing on 543 women. 1.7oz bottle we don't want no scrubs! unless it's this one, of course our new @revolutionskincare vitamin c glow body scrub contains rice and apricot kernel powders to help buff skin and remove dead, dull, and flaky patches. not just your typical scrub, the vitamin c and grapefruit complex enriched formula will help to brighten and even skin tone hard-working glycerin draws moisture into the skin and locks it in place, whilst sweet almond oil leaves skin soft and conditioned and inulin a prebiotic helps to leave the microbiome balanced. lightly fragranced with uplifting grapefruit and mandarin get 20 off body skincare when you buy 3 or more products, plus get a free mystery bag when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com! also at @bootsuk @asos! simple rules to follow to create the most natural to the most intense look with boy de chanel, the makeup and skincare line for men. @christophar @shixinhuang @rubenboa available in select markets. parisian brilliance! is a collection of 12 high-shine lip stains that combine an... unapologetically bold color super-lightweight finish comfortable wear to give you the ultimate bare-lip sensation! what's your favorite shade? @rebellebeautyx always bringing the looks! she wears our new lip injection lip gloss shade hot love. drop a below if this shade is your fave! new the best just got better. the latest generation of our revolutionary advanced night repair serum now features new fast repair and new youth-generating power. it’s proven effective for all skintones and all ages! join the 92 of women who said their skin was left with a healthy-looking glow after just 3 weeks. tap to shop our favorite new advanced night repair, now! consumer testing on 543 women heat things up with the full spectrum of natural warmth in our sunlit bronzers, available in 5 shades. our buttery texture builds and blends beautifully, always looking natural, never orange. tap to shop at @sephora. that mid-summer glow we're all craving? barepro glow bronzer blends on like a dream for an effortless sun-kissed bronze. @sdmakeupandhair hydrate and fortify skin, even out the complexion, emphasize the eyes. create an intense look in a few steps with boy de chanel, the makeup and skincare line for men. @christophar @shixinhuang @rubenboa available in select markets. hydrate and fortify skin, even out the complexion, emphasize the eyes. create an intense look in a few steps with boy de chanel, the makeup and skincare line for men. @christophar @shixinhuang @rubenboa available in select markets. watch the try-on of our 35c everyday chic artistry palette launching 84 live on monday 83 3 pm pst on w @lipsticknick and a special guest! watch the try-on of our 35c everyday chic artistry palette launching 84 live on monday 83 3 pm pst on w @lipsticknick and a special guest! congrats to @pjglam for winning the contest! win a spot on our pr list for a full year!⁣ we are celebrating our sweet sixteen this month! in honor of 16 years of making the best of beauty accessible to every eye, lip and face, we are asking you to share the first moment you fell in love with e.l.f. for the chance to land a spot on our pr list for a full year! share your what could your include?⁣ -what was the first e.l.f. product you fell in love with?⁣ -what e.l.f. product can't you live without?⁣ -what do you love about e.l.f.?⁣ here’s how to enter:⁣ post a photo or video on your instagram feed sharing your tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag ⁣you must be following @elfcosmetics 1 winner will be announced august 31st no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. 1 winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. we can't decide which of our hydra care lipsticks would match this beautiful summer make-up best: n°46 relaxing oasis, n°20 rose oasis or n°02 charming oasis. what do you think? recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°517 matt chocolate brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°373 glam gold dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°372 glam natural skin volume sensation mascara highlighter powder compact⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hot chili lip booster⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photography make-up: @inna.beauty.makeup feeling super inspired by all of the snatched creations we've been tagged in these past couple of months this week we're shouting out some of our faves and we're starting it off with your epic liner artistry @makeupbycaliali uses our epic wear liquid liner in 'lilac' to create this gorgeous, graphic eye “so smooth and easy to use missyh423 we love to see you rave about our liquid eyeliner comment below how much your loving our new liquid liner! get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @lianev breaks up with flakey liners with our new breakup proof liners! balance skin and help prevent blemishes with our new balancing body care range, formulated with our hero ingredient, salicylic acid salicylic balancing body cleanser a soft cream cleanser to leave skin feeling clean, soft, and balanced. with salicylic acid, glycerin, sweet almond oil, and inulin.⁣ salicylic balancing moisture gel balance skin and help prevent blemishes with this balancing moisture gel. with salicylic acid, glycerin, betaine, allantoin and inulin.⁣ get 20 off body skincare when you buy 3 or more products, plus get a free mystery bag when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com body skincare also at @bootsuk @asos! show your skin some extra love while you do your makeup. @icyycurls shows you how to incorporate new face serum into almost every step of the way for even more radiant results. tap to watch and discover all the different ways you can use this all-in-one skincare hero as a key part of your beauty routine! shop now: face serum: https:estee.cm3i2ne6s skin activating treatment lotion: https:estee.cm30qj7dc eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm3i8eigh stay-in-place makeup in 5w1.5 cinnamon: https:estee.cm3fpvhcu flawless wear concealer in 5w: https:estee.cm2pjvjkl sculpting lipstick in 127 incensed: https:estee.cm31gnrre eyeshadow palette in fierce safari: https:estee.cm31hyxrt stay-in-place eye pencil in coffee: https:estee.cm31gjckc sumptuous extreme lash multiplying volume mascara: https:estee.cm3k7mivf highlighting powder gelée in solar crush: https:estee.cm3k8anla covered for 24hrs! all-day matte coverage? natural, second-skin finish? ultra-resistant? contains spf 18? get ready to max the day with our infaillible 24h matte cover foundation. it won't let you down no matter the situation! fall in with matte. feel confident in our new oil-free, waterproof, life-proof born this way matte foundation that will keep you looking flawless for a full 24 hours. tap to shop! @sephora orange sorbet gaze for daze by @dodgygrl in this juicy af punch the makeup and skincare line for men. 4 new easy-to-use products: a moisturizing gel, a complexion perfector, a 3-in-1 eye pencil and sheer or black matte nail polish. available in select markets. you dare and we care even when you're sleeping! with the new sérum cicanuit your day time routine get a powerful night time complement! cicanuit is a powerful hair care serum to be used before going to bed. its powerful formula will penetrates into your hair fiber to erase up to 55 of bleach damage while you sleep. cicanuit can be used by all blondes and it adapts to your day time routine. isn’t it a blonde dream coming true? this liner application has us feelin' soothed af with a flick of the wrist, @lisaeldridgemakeup slays this fierce liner using our epic wear liquid liner in 'lilac' give a li’l shake before to get that buildable, sheer to medium coverage that melts into the skin! lightweight, breathable formula⁣ hydrates, smooths, and blurs⁣ water-based formula⁣ noncomedogenic⁣ vegan⁣ rouge dior is all you need to steal the show on the red carpet! which ones will you choose? rouge dior 999 satin rouge dior 888 strong matte rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior 772 classic matte rouge dior 080 red smile rouge dior 666 matte kiss @vanessagyimah living her best cakeless life she used shades 10 12 to create this flawless dimensional complexion! all the things we in one photo: new advanced night repair face pure color envy lip volumizer, and pure color envy lipstick in 410 dynamic! tip: we keep our with us when on-the-go to touch up and glow throughout the day! tap to shop now can't get enough of these ice cream dreams lick em up quick cause these sweet shoppe babies are only around for a limited time a lil monday makeup inspo @glowbysoph wings it our with our epic wear liquid liner in 'red' get super smooth skin with our new @revolutionskincare smoothing body care range swipe for all you need to know!⁣ aha smoothing body cleanser soft and creamy cleanser to help even texture and remove rough and flaky skin. with lactic acid, glycolic acid, sodium lactate, glycerin, sweet almond oil, and inulin.⁣ aha smoothing body moisture balm not just your typical moisture balm, this silky cream helps exfoliate and draw moisturise into the skin. with lactic acid, glycolic acid, fruit acid blend, sodium lactate, inulin, and glycerin.⁣ get 20 off body skincare when you buy 3 or more products, plus get a free mystery bag when you spend £35€40$45 exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com body skincare also at @bootsuk @asos! omg how sweet repost @slay.clips introducing e.l.f. icon 2 of 16 our jellypop dew primer just in time for why it is an icon: packed with skin-loving ingredients, like hyaluronic acid and niacinamide, and a powerful blend of antioxidants unique gel texture that works like glue to grip makeup to ensure it stays put ingredients we love: watermelon extract hyaluronic acid niacinamide vitamin a vitamin c vitamin e can @strashme do our liner every day?? this turquoise moment has us stunned she wears our epic wear liner sticks in 'blue trip' 'pure white' to get the look mesmerizing gold tones and a shimmering wing. @federicamakeupart created this eye-catching look using: eye-conic palette in extravagance! shades “i have” and “found” in olive you and oh my gold!⠀ mascara all 10 shades of glamabronze face body bronzers are now $10 originally $19 on morphe.com select stores for a limited-time! eye-opening results in a single swipe. instantly lengthen, curl, and volumize your lashes with with a tapered tip, our wand allows you to easily define each and every lash. shop at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. we're all about that summertime glow. add all-over warmth and a sun-kissed finish to your glam with these fave bronzers! which one would you choose? take your day from 0-100 with a lil pop of color the possibilities are endless with our new epic wear liner sticks available online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty @allintheblush @cloesshi is wearing that dessert in sugary pink cotton candy shadow primer fam pick one: primer primer primer had to pick our jaws up from the floor after stumbling across this stunning @addimaraschino wears our epic wear liner sticks in 'turquoise storm' to complete this pigment packed eye look! monday mood. walking into this week like @themarcjacobs. discover the no pigment collection. skin is amped up, not covered up. available now. sunkissed @roxettearisa fills in her brows using our brow powder! our hydra lip booster has the ultimate care elixir for your lips with a trace of color and wonderful shine.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra lip booster n°36 translucent rosewood⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @sophieskw⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @silkelavin⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photography retouch: @mechlersart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ we were not red-y @meenxsha wears the viva neon palette in not a dream meenusha finishes the look with @revolutionpro cc perfecting foundation with spf30 in f14.7, conceal define concealer in c13 and sheer lip in muse care with excellence! yes, it's true excellence crème will give you the hair color of your dreams..respectfully! how? in every box we've included a triple care system to care for your hair scalp and color. we love it, do you? if a black eyeliner is too heavy for your everyday make-up, you should definitely try our eyeshadow n°242 pearly brown illusion and use it as an eyeliner! we love it! other products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°374⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°22⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @hair.and.makeupartist.sarah⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ rouge dior 888 matte is a symbol of avant-garde worn by daring women with bright futures. rouge dior 888 strong matte thirsty for a sheer texture a more hydrating foundation formula? let us introduce you to conceal hydrate foundation and concealer yet this 50-shade range is infused with hyaluronic acid to hydrate, provide a plumping effect and create a smooth, satin glow finish to the skin. plus it offers all-day-long radiance without settling into fine lines or clinging to dry patches @makeuprevolutionireland time to grab new because the best in just got better! our new advanced night repair face has the same silky-smooth texture your skin loves, while working even harder to deliver targeted results: ️fast visible repair ️boosts natural collagen ️skin feels firmer ️minimizes the look of pores no matter your age, you can be a part of tap to shop now!​ sérum cicanuit is the 1st overnight recovery serum to feature hyaluronic acid. this powerful ingredient, known in skin care for providing deep-hydration to the skin, is now available for your night time hair care routine! you just need to apply a few pumps before going to bed, and voilà! treat your bleached and sensitized hair while you sleep with serum cicanuit dare to have a beautiful morning! eye need paradise! take your lashes to paradise the parisian way with our mascara for intense volume and spectacular length with a feather-soft feel. each lash is gently coated with silky smooth castor oil to keep them flake-free all day. helps you achieve the glass skin trend! @wangbobby shows us how to achieve flawless-looking skin with new shop now: face serum: https:estee.cm2ph9rez skin activating treatment lotion: https:estee.cm33kx8ug revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm2pjghlf​ one dropper: skin looks radiant and plumped with hydration. three weeks: lines appear reduced. 88 of women said skin looked more youthful. 1 one bottle: skin feels firmer. 89 of women agreed skin looks healthy, has a new bounce and vitality. consumer testing on 543 women. 1.7 oz. bottle summer necessity we've got you covered even on the hottest days with our waterproof, oil-free 24-hour born this way matte foundation. shop your perfect foundation shade worry free with free shipping returns on toofaced.com! don't get caught with sticky fingers create candied eye looks with these matte shimmer cotton candy pinks and purples @bwitch17 flamingo, hibiscus nectar just three of our ten new vibrant shades of ultimate lipstick love just in time for summer. shop them all at beccacosmetics.com repost @huda happiest bday to my hubby the kindest, coolest, most grounded man i know! i love you so much! happy 39th my love @christophergoncalo stendominique i finally managed to create a lewk using the palette and i fell in love @lifelongpercussion goes bold with the x @thepatriciabright rich in colour palette shop now at revolutionbeauty.com and get a free mystery makeup bag worth £€$30 when you spend £35€40$45 full terms online la vie en fresh! if you love a weightless foundation, we suggest you go for our infaillible 24h freshwear foundation! you don't need to compromise anymore, it's longwear formula has unstoppable resistance in any situation for all women. glow baby, glow! @the.hannahjensen puts the dew in dewy in her dewy foundation! get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a true beauty from inside and out: our hot chili lip booster contains beautiful glitter particles. image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ congratulations to @darlinegomez @harronishacalice giveaway now closed time! in honor of our sweet sixteen, we’ve partnered with our favorite sweets brand @sugarfina to give away an e.l.f.ing amazing birthday prize pack! 2 lucky winner’s will receive: $100 worth of sugarfina goodies! all 16 of our e.l.f. icons: -ride or die lip balms -halo glow setting powder -poreless putty primer -liquid glitter eyeshadow -lip lacquer -our favorite e.l.f. brushes -holy hydration face crean -bite-size eyeshadows -monochromatic multi sticks -camo concealers -no budge eyeliner -lip exfoliator -jelly pop dew primer -gentle peeling exfoliant -total face sponge -instant lift brow pencil rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @sugarfina [2] like this post [3] tag two friends in the comments bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! pro artist @xoivettea is major she defines slays her arches with our micro brow pencil control freak eyebrow gel boy de chanel. easy-to-use products for a natural or intense look. natural look: @christophar is wearing boy de chanel fortifying gel moisturizer to hydrate the skin, boy de chanel concealer and boy de chanel foundation to correct and even out the complexion, boy de chanel eyebrow pencil to fill in and easily define the brows, boy de chanel lip balm to smooth and moisturize the lips. intense look: @christophar is wearing boy de chanel fortifying gel moisturizer to hydrate the skin, boy de chanel concealer and boy de chanel foundation to correct and even out the complexion, boy de chanel eyebrow pencil and a black shade of boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil applied as a kohl to emphasize the eyes, boy de chanel lip balm to smooth and moisturize the lips. available in select markets. 35c everyday chic artistry palette is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! meet the new advanced night repair! and to our ogs: don’t worry, we didn’t mess with the beloved texture! it’s the same lightweight, ultra-refreshing texture you know and love. and it’s always oil-free. what's new? check it out new anti-oxidant power. now provides 8-hour anti-oxidant protection. new firming benefit. 89 of women agreed skin had more bounce and vitality after 1 bottle. new diminished pores. 88 of women said their skin’s texture looked more refined after 1 bottle. new recyclable glass bottle new overnight radiance new 72-hour hydration consumer testing on 543 women. 1.7oz bottle​ let’s talk art beauty with and @monicaahanonu! if the name of this blush was the color of your shirt today your favorite food, what would it be?! @gabrielle.shoots shout out to our babe @victorialyn for this stunning glam. she wears our new born this way matte foundation shade pearl, born this way eye shadow palette, damn girl mascara, chocolate soleil bronzer, and melted matte lipstick shade sell out. california splash! from relaxing floral notes, for a soothing effect during the night to an energizing scent by the morning, the aromatic and luxurious fragrance of cicanuit is a real sensual experience for your hair. it will take you through an orchard of blooming flowers and dazzling citrus notes, giving you a sense of spring in a bottle! have you already tried it? skin feeling a little thirsty? complexion rescue tinted moisturizer contains olive-derived squalane to nourish and lock in moisture just like your favorite skincare. @wrightkitchen it takes @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio for choose your character we gotchu covered for any level with our fire brow lineup dip, shape, go! longwear brow pomade control freak eyebrow gel tinted brow mascara fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil micro brow pencil available online at nyxcosmetics.com @makeup2themaxx ready for a close up? @enakshhi goes bold with the tropical twilight palette shop now at revolutionbeauty.com and get a free mystery makeup bag worth £€$30 when you spend £35€40$45 full terms online correct and even out your complexion with boy de chanel, the makeup and skincare line for men. easy-to-use products for a natural look. get the look: boy de chanel foundation n°30 medium light boy de chanel concealer n°30 medium light @christophar available in select markets. @okaysophi is a beautiful blue mood in super vibrant bubble gum pigments sold out on our site, but available at @ultabeauty! don’t hide: correct. boy de chanel concealer conceals dark circles and corrects skin imperfections, with no shiny effect. available in select markets. stunner @makeupbycaliali she rocks our air stick foundation in shade 5! we stan a casual brow slay @ropo.demure pairs our micro brow pencil control freak eyebrow gel for a salon-worthy brow moment no pigment virtual foundation instantly smooths and blurs the appearance of skin while controlling oil and hydrating all day. available now @sephora, @sephorafrance, @sephoradeutschland, @sephoraromania, @sephoragreece, @sephorascandinavia, @sephorapolska, @sephoraczechrepublic the one-stop miracle worker for your face. get plumper, bouncier cheeks over time with our new plump prime face plumper! available @ultabeauty. dress your eyes with the gold collection, featuring limited-edition gel eye crayons and eye-conic palette in extravagance! available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. we've expanded! @suvabeauty is now available in morphe stores online! introducing e.l.f. icon 3 4 of 16 our camo concealers why they are icons: 16hr camo concealer large doe foot applicator to conceal, correct, contour and highlight for flawless skin lightweight, dries matte and won't settle into fine lines or creases ideal for all skin types pairs perfectly with our camo concealer sponge- specifically designed for this concealer! hydrating camo concealer light-weight, full-coverage formula doesn't flake and gives your skin a boost of hydration for a satin finish high-coverage, hydrating and longwearing which camo is your go-to? tap to shop what is your brow style? sleek defined? or natural fluffy? @pennold achieves the perfect mix of both using our micro brow pencil in 'brunette' topped with our control freak eyebrow gel in loveeee with @indiaalexandrial's beautiful, bold brows! she slays them to perfection using our dynamic duo: micro brow pencil control freak eyebrow gel mask? makeup? drop a in the comments if you’d rock a hot pink mask! @gabrielle.shoots serve up the rainbow realness in dazzling take me back to brazil pressed pigments now 40 off for a limited time only! benebabe @makeupemalii gets her brows on point using our in shade 4 apricot glow this summer you definitely have to try our eyeshadow n°532 matt powdery apricot! its stunning natural orange shade will instantly light up every eye color! make it even more lasting with our eyeshadow base!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ swear by nothing but rouge dior lipsticks! whatever the finish, you will catch all the light on the red carpet. rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior ultra care liquid 999 bloom rouge dior ultra rouge 999 bloom get 20 off eyeshadow palettes for one day only that's right, shop your fave @makeuprevolution, @makeupobsession, @iheartrevolution, @revolutionpro @xxrevolution eyeshadow palettes with 20 off, exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com tag a friend that needs to know! this offer ends 8am gmt thursday 6th august who’s using reels? one stroke and poof! leaving the office to go on date? switch up your hairstyle with the help of our legendary normal hold hairspray! at the stroke of a brush it disappears, leaving your hair feeling clean and ready to restyle without needing to wash it. find your own favorite perfect color lipstick!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @thaonhile⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the forever flawless range from has the best packaging ever! @makeupfordays22 is lovin' our bestselling forever flawless eyeshadow palettes and for a limited time only, you can get 20 off them all, exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com with 20 off eyeshadow palettes for one day only this offer ends 8am gmt thursday 6th august the matte that never stops! get in the line for the perfect pout! our infaillible matte lip crayon comes in 18 saturated matte shades, enriched with jojoba oil and vitamin e for a comfortable lasting feel. it's smudge-proof formula won't disappoint you! energy battery running low? recharge with new our fast- penetrating repair serum gives skin overnight radiance and hydration. meaning even if you didn’t clock a full night, your skin won’t show it in the morning. meet your matte get ready to find your perfect shade of our new 24-hour born this way matte foundation, beauties! today, august 5th 6am-8pm pst, send a dm to @toofacedshadefinder to get virtually shade matched by our too faced experts! available @sephora. no pigment highlighter for face lip was formulated without the pigment or pearl found in other highlighters to give you a glass-like glow without the sticky-feel. the pigmentation colour story in this is off the chain. @medeaij gets up close and personal with the forever flawless flamboyance flamingo palette now with 20 off in our 20 off eyeshadow palettes for one day only deal exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com this offer ends 8am gmt thursday 6th august literally has the most unique jelly-meets-balm texture, infused with niacinamide, honey, turmeric lavender oil. cannot get over how amazing my skin feels once i apply it, it keeps my skin super moisturized for up to 24hrs, whilst also reducing water loss from the upper most layers of skin. even though it lasts all day, for the best results, it's amazing to use morning night. the results? it visibly reduces the appearance of your pores, reduces redness and brightens skin in as little as 10 days. plus, there's no greasy residue perfect for those summer days, it's non-comedogenic, non-acnegenic, has less than 1 fragrance and suitable for all skin types you know wishful is for everyone available now on hudabeauty.com my loves, as this formula includes honey, this product is not vegan all claims were a result of testing an independent panel using an independent lab conducted under dermatological control @vanessagyimah is bringing the talent to us inspired by: @mariam.makeup @paulaoliveira. video: @rvisuals keep your precious goods safe in the @sanrio my melody kuromi cosmetic bag with two character-themed sides to match your mood is it a my melody or kuromi kind-of day? tell us in the comments below our beautiful summer look of the day: peachy vibes! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°532 matt powdery apricot⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bronzing powder compact⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ moisturizing skin tint⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ today only, get 25 off select sets at @ultabeauty, including our complexionista mini contour palette! palette includes:: industrial strength concealer in shades 01 02 matte bronzer lite matte bronzer powder highlighter cream highlighter other sets include: conceal, set, go brow pencil party happily ever laughter fortune, fun favorites easy, smokin eyes @skabsdiva her lip gloss is poppin' @katie.artistry has a powerful pout in the shade caffeinated from our chai latte lip gloss duo shimmer, shimmer on the wall! add a dash of color to your eyelids with our color queen eyeshadows! every shade is ultra-pigmented with a satin, matte, metallic or glitter finish to enhance your day and evening makeup looks. take your look from day to night with this palette of purples, pinks, jade, and sapphire shades. which shade is your fave? come thru wonder stick part cream highlighter, part cream contour, this dynamic duo is our for a quick snatch never looked so fresh @mcdrew a world of new like you’ve never seen before. enter the anrcade, where the future of beautiful skin is in your hands! link in bio to play now! we love nothing more than a clean, vegan skincare routine from our community. get @chrisdivineglow's glowing skin with our new skinlongevity long life herb collection. skinlongevity long life herb serum skinlongevity green tea herbal eye mask skinlongevity long life herb night treatment hot jalapeño bringing the heat tap to shop our four shade bite-size eyeshadow palette packed with intense pigment and shine. enga is wearing bite-size eyeshadow in hot jalapeño, lip lacquer in shade clear and primer-infused blush in always rosy. @deja.zhane has us ready for with this snatched contour featuring our wonder stick born to glow highlighting palette filler instinct plumping lip polish get a peachy summer glow wherever you go. our sugar peach face eye palette can be used wet for intense shimmer or dry for a softer effect. available @meccamaxima! you dared to be blonde, now do you dare to dream with sérum cicanuit? a zero-effort step in any blonde care routine. combine your day time routine with this new night time gesture. the serum cicanuit is adapted to all routines! to be applied before bed, with no washing or wetting required, it is the first hyaluronic acid hair serum containing highly penetrating ingredients that are completely absorbed by your hair overnight. watch @philippineurvois tips on how to apply your serum cicanuit before going to bed! experience a beautiful morning for your blonde hair! just a lil' bold blend @alyshiajoness wears forever flawless birds of paradise palette now with 20 off in our 20 off all eyeshadow palettes deal for one day only so go go go this offer ends 8am gmt thursday 6th august i love their velvet noir mascara, but this new one is more lengthening...it's more natural without looking like there's too much mascara on the eye. @hungvanngo legendary makeup artist @hungvanngo created this look on using mascara. head over to hung's new youtube channel to watch the full tutorial. @maddieziegler shares how to apply from all 3 of her lip cheek duo shades i'm blue make your looks pop and last forever ever in these cool, monochromatic tones from our bubble gum palette now only available online at @ultabeauty while it lasts! could @ashknowsbeauty be any more gorgeous!? she perfected her brow look with our pro palette’s combo of sculpting wax silky-soft brow powder! blush up and wear these babes solo or layer ‘em for a buildable wash of color on your cheeks and lips. a lil ombré moment @vraamosmakeup slays this sunset eyeliner using our epic wear liner sticks in orange zest graphic purple frosted lilac pure white the next generation of serum is here, and it’s our most comprehensive serum ever! @jennalwrobbins has made this serum a key part of her skincare routine for years, and her daughter @meredithrobbins is making it part of hers, too! just goes to show that it doesn’t matter your age, your skin tone, or your skin type—if you advanced night repair, that makes you part of shop now: face serum: https:estee.cm3hyipqp eye concentrate matrix: https:estee.cm3i91py4 eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm30q1lgu revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm2xuzpjb daywear multi-protection anti-oxidant 24hr-moisture creme spf 15: https:estee.cm3k5w57m stay-in-place makeup: https:estee.cm39wwd55 radiant concealer: https:estee.cm33nhkxl flawless wear concealer: https:estee.cm30sgnmf powder bronzer in medium deep: https:estee.cm3kgncko highlighting powder gelée in heatwave: https:estee.cm2c3mihy sculpting lipstick in 533 daydream: https:estee.cm3igyafz up close and personal with our luminous putty primer! why we love it: it delivers a soft, radiance base for your makeup! infused with hyaluronic acid and vegan collagen to help plump and hydrate the skin velvety texture glides effortlessly over the skin, smoothing over imperfections for a poreless effect $8 @moodsandviews turn your phone sideways to check out makeup artists @lijhajade and @yvonnetheartist breakdown the no pigment collection. formulated with: zero synthetic fragrance zero silicones zero alcohol zero mineral oil @reganux @lipsticknick! they'll show you how to create a quick fresh-faced glow using she’s snatched pro artist @beccalynzmua uses our og wonder stick for an effortless, everyday contour gorgeous @velabeauty swatches our new juicy, plush lip injection lip glosses to perfection! shades shown: secret sauce, pretty pony, wifey for lifey, soulmate, glossy and bossy friendly reminder to wash your brushes introducing e.l.f. icon 5 of 16 our halo glow setting powder! why it is an icon: formulated to keep shine at bay and ensure makeup looks and feels fresh throughout the day silky, weightless texture blurring, soft-focus finish finely-milled synthetic sapphire particles helps fine lines, and blur imperfections shades: light, medium, deep, light pink, medium beige, tan. shop now and don't forget to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to earn triple points on our e.l.f. icons, all month long get @makeuptiffanyj's weekend vibes look for 10 off with code: tiffany your cheek product application order—go! a. bronzer, blush, highlighter b. blush, bronzer, highlighter c. highlighter, blush, bronzer d. blush, highlighter, bronzer @gabrielle.shoots ceo of glow can you guess which cheek product @ivanbaaaaah is wearing?! we have the perfect lip product and color for every make-up lover out there. which is your favorite artdeco lip product?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ alongside conceal hydrate foundations are the matching concealers in a range of shades and undertones! makeup revolution stay giving us affordable makeup without compromising on quality! @dosblog is lovin' conceal hydrate concealers infused with hyaluronic acid hydrating formula medium to full, buildable coverage radiant, natural finish vegan cruelty free and yep, the foundation has a new pump applicator! shop 50 shades of conceal hydrate supersize concealer 13g £7€7.99$10 foundation 23ml £9€9.99$12 at revolutionbeauty.com. also at @superdrug @ultabeauty rouge dior 666 matte, an intense red to touch up women's lips with dior elegance. rouge dior 666 matte kiss make an excellent choice! today, choose our permenant hair dye that protects as it colors. available in a variety of shades, it's unique non-drip crème formula gives your hair 100 grey coverage! 4 different lip colors, 4 completely different looks. which one is your absolute favorite this summer? color lip shine n°54 shiny raspberry color lip shine n°24 shiny coral color lip shine n°66 shiny rose color lip shine n°85 shiny diamonds get up and glow @beautybyletisha wears glow splendour bronzer in dark our large glow splendour bronzers come in 6 rich shades; deep dark, deep, dark, medium dark, medium light, with an added coconut and pineapple fragrance it smells like summer! go rouge! a bold, intense red lip is a french classic! this summer get parisian chic with our range of collection lip stains for weightless, statement colors with a matte finish. what's your go-to shade? summer checklist it’s all about the little things this summer. bring chanel beauty with you as you embark on new adventures big and small. what’s on your summer checklist? new advanced night repair: the best just got better including our bottle and our formula! housed in a sleek, recyclable glass bottle, the face you know and love has been upgraded with everything you need for beautiful skin: new overnight radiance new pores look minimized new 8-hour anti-oxidant protection new 72-hour hydration tap the link in bio to learn more about our newest skincare innovation, new kissproof lipstick for everyone! @novalanalove is ready for every occasion this summer with our magic fix. use it as a sealing and your lipstick is kissproof instantly. sheer colour that's as juicy as the mango flavour. hydra-light plumping lip balm plumps and smooths lips with a buildable wash of light-reflecting color. available in 8 shades. natural ingredients like long life herb and california poppy power our clean anti-aging serum to strengthen and defend skin at any age. @sephora want the 411 on plumping?! we've got you, babe. today, august 6th 12pm-4pm ct head over to ulta.com for a one-on-one plumping consultation with our too faced experts. we'll be answering all of your questions about plumping and giving personalized beauty tips! see you there! @ultabeauty summer checklist learn the electric guitar. stylo ombre et contour in electric brown. this all-in-one bronze eye pen can be used as an eyeshadow, eyeliner or khôl rock it your way. @lilystewart if in doubt...keep glowin' @phfashioninsta gets up close and personal with glow molten body liquid illuminator dab, dot or swipe! whatever your concern may be...from blemishes and dark circles to uneven skin tone, our will give you full coverage that blends seamlessly for a natural matte finish. what do you mainly use more than concealer for? @mmmmitchell and hotter-than-hot radio host @daisylmaskell are bringing the beat with this epic collection of edgy, earthy shades, luxe brushes, and hit-making lippies. launch dates: 8.13 on morphe.com, select morphe stores⁣, @theofficialselfridges ⁣⁣⁣online in-store 8.20 @themakeupspotnl, @douglascosmetics, @bootsuk⁣ hit all the right tones and leave ‘em awestruck with our main event collection w @mmmmitchell and @daisylmaskell⁣ 24m main event artistry palette $29⁣ lip crayon trio $19 bring the beat by @mmmmitchell 6-piece brush collection belt bag $29 launch dates: 8.13 on morphe.com, select morphe stores⁣, @theofficialselfridges ⁣⁣⁣online in-store 8.20 @themakeupspotnl, @douglascosmetics, @bootsuk⁣ calling all wild ones we love u-g-c user generated content which is just biz lingo for posts of your beautiful faces wearing our products! we’re obsessed with the looks you’re creating, so keep tagging us for a chance to be featured on one of our pages listed in order of appearance @stephie.b @naturallybella @monaaa.c @brittkbeauty @kellysweetbeauty @vivalabiba @glamgirlchelsea natural beauty@sonagasparian uses our bite-size eyeshadow palette in cream sugar to create this flawless look! tap to shop for $3! you ain’t ready for this jelly there’s something so, so satisfying about our bare with me hydrating jelly primer @lishyglows so hot, so sticky, so sweet indulge in color-rich and vanilla-scented sweet shoppe scoops before they're gone bubble gum is going fast only available online @ultabeauty @dupethat new face serum reduces the look of lines and wrinkles in just three weeks! did you know that lack of sleep blue light and pollution can accelerate the look of lines? join to see for yourself how advanced night repair's new fast repair can help your skin look and feel its best! ok benebabes, how many of these can you guess right?! head to ig stories to submit your guesses! ps. tap on the photo for the first answer! slay your with these mask-proof makeup tips flawless! we you @rachelcantu throw a below if you're coconuts for our new 24-hour born this way matte foundation! like our entire born this way collection, this life-proof foundation is infused with coconut water, alpine rose, and hyaluronic acid. tap to shop! @sephora official partner of the 23rd shanghai international film festival, dior embraces the opportunity to renew with its rich cinematographic heritage: dior lipstick has been worn by actresses on the big screen ever since the house first began creating makeup. stay tuned for more! rouge dior 888 strong matte rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior 666 matte kiss dare to dream with your new night time gesture for blonde care: sérum cicanuit! designed for all types of blonde, this serum contains hyaluronic acid and edelweiss flower in a rich formula that will deeply recover and hydrate your hair overnight! find out your day night hair care routine by doing an online diagnosis at www.kerastase.com or visiting the nearest salon from you! us when @varijstylez shows off that our exclusive bh x get stonned set can be used to bling out your brows did someone say shimmer pout?! @sonya.elle.dee swatches shimmer bomb in sparkle load your lips up with a shimmery, sheer formulation perfect for wearing alone or layering over your fave lipstick. plus, shimmer bomb lip glosses are infused with vitamin e for extra nourishment! shop six shades of shimmer bomb for £5€5.99$7 each at revolutionbeauty.com introducing e.l.f. icon 6 of 16 our bite-size eyeshadow palettes. why it is an icon: a mix of matte shimmer shades easily blendable formula luxe formula is creamy ultra-pigmented perfect size for your purse four shades for $3 shades: cream sugar, açai you, pumpkin pie, hot jalapeño, berry bad, rose water, truffles, carnival candy. shop now and don't forget to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to earn triple points on our e.l.f. icons, all month long beat the heat treat your skin to a hit of hydration with our bare with me collection our summer essentials for a moment available at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty tackle wrinkles dryness! a daily shot of our 1.5 pure hyaluronic acid serum will replenish hydration immediately and reduce wrinkles by 47 for visibly plumped, youthful-looking skin. tell us how this anti-aging serum has helped your skin feel beautiful! did you know that 75 of the aging process is in your control? our new advanced night repair face serum works around the clock, night and day to help skin maximize its natural rhythm of repair and protection. plus, this fast-penetrating serum reduces the look of multiple signs of aging caused by the environmental assaults of modern life. become part of and take control of your skin’s visible future now—tap to shop saved to our “inspo” album @azraelia fills in her using cream-gel, volumizing brow gel in shade 4.5! stronger, longer lashes in a few swipes. strength length mascara is @haileybieber’s secret to never-ending lashes. @sephora @derekkildall is a triple threat w this hint tint glow moment @ndeye.peinda wears our epic ink liner filler instinct plumping lip color in ‘sugar pie’ for a casual, weekday slay keep it light and easy with a hydrating, fluid tint that melts into skin to provide buildable, sheer to medium coverage. head on over to morphe.com to use our hint hint skin tint shade finder! zero to hide. smooth and blur the appearance of imperfections without covering your freckles with no pigment virtual foundation. the silicone-free is infused with hyaluronic acid for all-day hydration, while controlling oil all day with a transparent-matte finish. dreaming of turquoise gold hues. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames created this look on @christelle.world using: in whirlpool and blacquer eye-conic palette in extravagance! shade in “the only” from @haroldjames we're here for this mattified look @pinkbarbiex3 on the go and need a quick fix for pores? our primed poreless face powder is perfect for touch-ups, controls shine, and virtually banishes pores instantly. point taken sparse brows? thin brows? shapeless brows? is the answer! @rae.lenss luxe, jewel-toned eyes are the ultimate accessory. artistry by @haroldjames on @christelle.world using in whirlpool and eye-conic palette in extravagance! photography by: @pierarnophoto omg@eileenamirian stuns in our ultra-pigmented bite size eyeshadow in carnival candy and liquid glitter eyeshadow in disco queen she’s juicy pro artist @muamartini swipes on our filler instinct plumping lip color in ‘sugar pie’ for a hydrating burst of color gold perfection on @christelle.world. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames created this regal, high-pigment eye look using eye-conic palette in extravagance! and in whirlpool. cool for the summer get bright with the colori vivaci palette, now available at @beautybaycom for all of our uk europe babes a real life angel @lynnacsecnarf gets a flawless base with cakeless concealer in shade 4! with our hot chili lip booster, you receive irresistible voluminous lips within seconds! this is not a drill the more you spend, the more you save go go go!⁣ spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online wanna recreate the look? here you go! step 1: apply our eyeshadow base to the eye area. apply our warm neutral eyeshadows n°10 pearly white and n°27 pearly luxury skin on your eyelid. step 2: apply concealer or foundation to cut the crease. set the concealer with a neutral powder before using our eyeshadow n°530 matt chocolate cream to define your crease. for that extra sparkle, apply our high performance eyeshadow stylo n°46 benefit lavender grey. step 3: line the upper eyelid with our long lasting liquid liner n°01 and add a coat of our amazing effect mascara. step 4: apply our soft eye liner waterproof n°11 deep forest brown to your lower waterline to make it more prominent. done! water is not a factor! introducing our 1st bambi eye false lash mascara, which is also available in a waterproof and sweatproof formula! instantly transform your lashes into an eye opening, delicately curled eye look. all about that glowy base @jodievidal wears conceal hydrate foundation concealer in f14.5 c13 for this radiant look shop 50 shades of conceal hydrate supersize concealer 13g £7€7.99$10 foundation 23ml £9€9.99$12 at revolutionbeauty.com. also at @superdrug @ultabeauty stars in rouge for the shanghai film festival, the house of dior pursues its cultural heritage of stars in dior for the rouge dior party with olivia wang, dior makeup ambassador for china @wangziwen. dior forever foundation 0n dior forever skin correct 0n diorshow brow styler 001 diorshow on stage liner 096 dior backstage glow face palette 001 5 couleurs palette color games collection limited edition 897 diorshow pump 'n' volume hd mascara 090 dior lip glow 001 rouge dior matte 999 summer checklist try going “au naturel.” rouge coco baume. a sheer moisturising balm to help lips look naturally their best. @imarikaranja tonight? stay in with new advanced night repair and these we love ending the day with new face serum, revitalizing supreme crème and advanced night repair eye supercharged complex! tap to shop.​ step up your lip game like our babe @mirellabelle! she plumps her pout with our lip injection extreme. it's not uv, it's me! we’ve created spf 15 spf 30 moisture creams in 'normal to dry skin' and 'normal to oily skin' variations, tailored to your skin type to let your skin steal the spotlight, not sun damage stock up on spf with our latest offer spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10, exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com full terms online summer checklist dip my toes in the water. les beiges water-fresh tint. a lightweight complexion tint with a water-fresh sensation for a radiant glow. @mayowanicholas build up your coverage with our weightless, super-nourishing dewy foundation tap to get yours now! get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @tynanbuck is in love, @barbieferreira’s limited edition shade of ignite liquified light highlighter. which shade fits your vibe? acceptance gratitude strength passion creativity love giveaway closed the winners are: @drea8743 @chloelovesbooks @lizardbrooks @yvettee.gon @hannah3102 5 lucky winners will win the new 35c everyday chic artistry palette how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe one comment one entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop your birthstone good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 81020 at 11:59 pm pst. winner will be announced on this post and dm'd on 81120. our hydra care lipstick is three times better for your lips! the subtle color of the lipstick merges with the transparent middle strip of moisturizing hyaluronan and glucomannan. n°02 charming oasis n°06 precious oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°46 relaxing oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @snitchery channels her inner anime baddie with this sleek graphic liner! she uses our epic wear liner sticks in 'pink spirit' epic ink liner matte setting spray filler instinct plumping lip color to get the look summertime in a box blush gives you that juicy peach cheek of your summer dreams! who wants to try it!? before after. @ellehill18's lashes are looking sooo long thanks to new strength length serum-infused mascara. the powerful vegan formula provides full lash length without fallout. happy winners have been contacted via dm we’re all about staying flawless and shine-free in the summer heat so we’re sending ten lucky babes our new oil-free, waterproof, 24-hour born this way matte foundation in their shade! how to enter:⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣ follow @toofaced⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣ good luck! @oyanoire is as fresh sweet as can be in ripe cherry on top vegan shadows drippin' in gold @thekamua uses our matte liquid liner epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' to compliment this gorgeous, golden glam introducing e.l.f. icon 7 of 16 our putty primers! why it's an icon: poreless putty primer: infused with squalane for optimal hydration grips makeup for all-day wear a flawless finish. matte putty primer: infused with kaolin and white charcoal to absorb excess oil for a shine-free finish. luminous putty primer: infused with hyaluronic acid and vegan collagen to help plump and hydrate the skin. shop now and don't forget to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to earn triple points on our e.l.f. icons, all month long love the forever flawless palettes by @doce.roseate gets up close and personal with the forever flawless flamboyance flamingo palette and the forever flawless birds of paradise palette the more you spend, the more you save spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online. offer exclusive to revolutionbeauty.com full of character! want to add drama to your eyes? experience our false lash mascara! the extra black velvet fiber formula and wide bristle mascara brush will give you curls, length and definition that lasts. a dream weaver! get a natural beach waves look in the morning with your new bed time best friend: 1. apply 1 2 pumps of serum cicanuit to your dry hair before going bed. 2. braid your hair. 3. and voilà! wake up to a nourished blonde and beautiful beach-waves! just a few of our summer essentials @maddies.makeupmess a lil icy liner to start your weekend off right here's how pro artist @alexandriamariee creates this perfect graphic liner: epic wear liner sticks in turquoise storm blue trip micro brow pencil in espresso control freak eyebrow gel on the rise volume liftscara calling all gamers! take a trip to the anrcade—a one-of-a-kind journey through the innovation behind our number-one serum, new advanced night repair, now better than ever. link in bio to experience new now. make a bold statement with bottomless pops of color in our mimosa palette use brunch bunch brush to create the overall base shape with shade oj⁣⁣⠀ use shade guava on top half of the lid for a winged ombre effect the possibilities are endless with our new epic wear liner sticks @allintheblush us taking notes on @kameronlester’s he goes for in shade 5 to define his brows! bring on the glitter @chimedolker uses our high-impact, multi-dimensional liquid glitter eyeshadow in shade 24k gold. tap to shop for $5! make up for lost rays with our bestselling bronzer. available in three flattering hues, o!mega bronze coconut perfect tan is your secret to getting the glow this summer. shop now at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. pro artist @makeupwithivan switches it up on us with these epic eye looks ft. our new epic wear liner sticks we've expanded! @nablacosmetics is now available in morphe online select stores! who is she?! i love that it's pigmented, hydrating, and very nourishing. and it smells really good. @vanessaxcamille is obsessed with our new hydra-light plumping lip balm in surge. have you tried? bringing you all the satisfying sounds with some ft. our matte setting spray sun-kissed glow in seconds. @morganemartini used o!mega bronze in the shade tan-tastic! on @sabinasocol to warm up the skin and create the perfect contour. for serious plumping junkies only! get ready to have the plumpest pout ever with our new super strength lip injection maximum plump. it’s time to build safer streets. at for the right of all women and men to feel safe in public spaces. take the stand up training, and learn how you have the power to act against street harassment. link in bio. @ihollagram glam up any mask with a bold liner pro artist @andreasantiago slays this graphic moment with our epic wear liner sticks in turquoise storm chartreuse emerald cut quick! can you spell t-i-n-t-s in 5 consecutive comments below without getting interrupted?! @revolvebeauty our smudge-proof expert liquid liner will help you get the perfect wing, every time the fine tip brush creates easy and precise definition for natural or dramatic looks. available in three shades jet black, midnight blue, and charcoal tap to shop for $3! you don't have to go away to glow away. our buttery, matte o!mega bronze blends effortlessly for a natural-looking bronzed finish. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. pour some sugar and sparkle on me build this sweet, head-turning beat by @themegscahill with the limited-edition @getstonned gem set the cherry on top palette head to our stories to see our girl megs get stonned wink wink loving @kristikellum’s soft simple brow look she fills in her brows using in shade 4.5 laying out today’s mascara options like which one’s your fave?! no white cast hands down my fave sunscreen at the mo! @sonya.elle.dee protects her skin with our @revolutionskincare spf30 protecting boost moisture cream normal to dry skin stock up on spf with our latest offer spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10, exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com full terms online we teach you how to do this pearly eye make-up! 1. apply our eyeshadow n°22 pearly golden caramel on your eyelid.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2. highlight the inner corner of your eye with our eyeshadow n°97 pearly pink treasure.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3. use our eyeshadow n°242 pearly brown illusion for your lower lash line.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 4. last but not least, round up the look with our volume sensation mascara.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ other products used: hydra lip booster n°20 high performance lipstick n°481 kiss of a muse image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @inna.beauty.makeup @hair.and.makeupartist.sarah take the easy route! maintain your look with a rich and long-lasting hair color that covers 100 of greys! any hair shade, anytime, with none of the worry. accept nothing less than no make up today just a quick skin care with products they are a-ma-zing @theclassyemily uses @revolutionskincare for a little soothing moment products used:⁣ revolution skincare cleansing jelly⁣ revolution skincare pink clay detoxifying face mask⁣ revolution skincare targeted under-eye serum 5 caffeine hyaluronic acid⁣ revolution skincare 12.5 vitamin c serum⁣ cbd nourish boost cream⁣ @iheartrevolution tasty peach lip oil⁣ for a red carpet look, use the forever fluid foundation, the iconic long-wearing foundation formula enriched in skincare ingredients for a flawless complexion. reveal your skin's full sensuality! dior forever dior forever skin glow forget false lashes! our false lash mascara will enhance your natural lashes with length, definition and audacious curls for a long-lasting bambi gaze! who's ready to get bambified? wake up the diva in you! our limited lip jewels are equipped with countless glittering pearls, ensuring a stunning, shimmering finish on your lips.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewels n° 36 summer lights⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new advanced night repair believe the hype it’s the one serum your skin shouldn’t live without, giving you instant gratification and long-term results. tap to shop the all-new holy brow! is @wwd’s best brow product of 2020! our 2-in-1 pencil powder duo instantly transforms brows and stays put literally all day long! nourish your skin with our new @revolutionskincare vitamin c glow moisture body cream enriched with vitamin c, grapefruit complex shea butter, this this cream will to leave the skin feeling soft, supple, and looking brighter. lightly fragranced with uplifting grapefruit and mandarin the more you spend, the more you save spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online. offer exclusive to revolutionbeauty.com weekend vibe. take some time to refresh and reset with our new skinlongevity green tea herbal eye mask. the limited-edition vegan patches instantly hydrate and depuff the delicate eye area plus, they're cute. seriously juicy, plush, multi-dimensional color infused with our iconic lip injection plumping power for plumped lips. our lip injection lip gloss is available in 16 shades. we've got more newness coming. keep an eye on us. more mimosa looks coming right up... use brunch bunch brush to pack shade sunny onto the upper lid and diffuse outward⁣⁣⠀ use brunch bunch brush to add more sunny on the inner corner of the eye and waterline⁣⁣⠀ introducing e.l.f. icon 8 of 16our lip lacquers! why it is an icon: provides maximum color and brilliant shine formulated with vitamin e to moisturize your lips wear alone or layer over lipstick for a bold lip available in 10 shades $3 shades: clear, wild rose, bubbles, love bite, moody, fantasy, tea rose, mauve glitz, purple, bold pink. shop now and don't forget to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to earn triple points on our e.l.f. icons, all month long new drop coming soon comment below with your guesses! tap the product tag to shop it early squad goals get the perfect look with these bare with me essentials bare with me sativa seed oil radiant perfecting primer bare with me tinted skin veil bare with me sativa seed oil lip conditioner bare with me sativa seed oil brow setter bare with me prime. set. refresh. multitasking spray have a glam moment like @adrilunamakeup with her matte lip color these lippes won't cake, feather or bleed for glam that lasts get it, girl: @walmart @target @amazon @walgreens... and always at wetnwildbeauty.com resists water! our false lash mascara will reveal lashes you never knew you had! it's formula is both waterproof and sweatproof, so rest assured that your dramatic eye opening curl will hold from am to pm. better together: new advanced night repair face serum and advanced night repair eye supercharged complex are our secret to radiant, glowing skin. protect your skin and repair against blue light damage with this tap to shop them both now. the glow up is real @alejobeauty complements his glam with our born this way foundation setting powder, chocolate gold soleil bronzer, triple scoop highlighting palette, and juicy fruits lip gloss shade dreamsicle! our nourishing color booster lip balm beautifies your natural lip color thanks to delicate self-coloring pigments that merge with the self-protection film of your lips. own it in orange sorbet's refreshing ripe monochrome hues @strashme tapped into her spiritual side w the new new 35c everyday chic artistry palette and created a crystal inspired look. don't forget to enter into our giveaway in our previous post! ends 81020 at 11:59 pm pst. that desert glow pro aritst @beccalynzmua radiates with our bare with me sativa seed oil radiant perfecting primer california beamin' face body liquid highlighter in 'pearl necklace' california beamin' glow booster filler instinct plumping lip polish in 'sparkling please' and tops off her look with our epic wear liner sticks in 'pure white' @sayehsmakeup uses the luxe vibrant shades in our 18 hit wonders eyeshadow palette to create this stunning look. tap to shop the palette for that shimmer though @kemiilan creates this pretty pink cut crease with the forever flawless allure palette the more you spend, the more you save spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online. offer exclusive to revolutionbeauty.com your night time beauty ritual is about to go blonde! 1. light up a candle 2. apply 2 to 3 pumps of night serum cicanuit into your hair lengths 3. get your sleeping mask and night night make your blonde hair dream come true! find out your complete day night routine by doing an online diagnosis at www.kerastase.com or visiting your nearest kérastase salon what is your night beauty secret? tell us in the comments this 4-piece synthetic brush collection creates fresh, blended looks your way and perfectly paired w our collection the sweep life brush collection includes: complexion brush⁣ ultimate packing brush⁣ rounded blush brush⁣ universal highlighting brush bag glow on this summer. mua @ggsjourney prepped @amenahsoares's skin with youthquake moisturizer, then added warmth to the cheeks and eyes using o!mega bronze in tantalize. @natalia.love.caban shares her secret to the perfect summer look she completes this casual slay using the bare with me collection new serum 101 se·​rum noun a super-concentrated formula with skin-nourishing ingredients. advanced night repair proper noun a legend among that provides fast visible repair, helps skin feel firmer, and minimizes the look of pores. and, it’s proven effective for all skintones! shop new advanced night repair today! replump one drop at a time! get ready to take your skincare routine to new levels with 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum! after 6 weeks, wrinkles are reduced by -47 and skin immediately feels plumper and smoother! create extra af eye looks with gorg greens neutrals in our avocado toast palette use brunch bunch brush and shade guac to create a liner effect above under the eye⁣⁣⠀ use brush to add shade extra to outer edge of the eye⁣⁣⠀ use brush to layer shade green juice on top of guac in the center of the eye⁣⁣⠀ use brush to add shades haas lemon pepper to the middle lash line @maryandpalettes uses our micro brow pencil tinted brow mascara for a quick lil brow snatch she tops the look off with a swipe of butter gloss in 'creme brulee' instantly warm up your complexion with o!mega bronze. our ultra-blendable, oversized bronzer delivers an even, sun-kissed glow without looking dry or shimmery. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. wake me up before you gogo! is a bright cherry red tinted lip cheek stain that will sweeten any lip look!! @jesaaelys bringing it in hot like summer brow checkkk has your microblade turned into a micro-fade? skip the salon snag our og micro brow pencil with the flick of the wrist, create precise hair-like strokes to fill in sparse areas add definition @stormibree shows us her signature bronzed skin using o!mega bronze in the shade tan-tastic! oily skin? not today. our born this way matte foundation controls oil and keeps you looking shine-free flawless for a full 24 hours! tap to shop! @sephora no salon? no prob! monica spills the tea on how to slay 3 brow trends without having to leave your house! get your glow on for the weekend our glow gleam beam highlighter palette has three different highlighter finishes glitter, shimmer and metallic. pro tip: spray our hydrating coconut mist on our precision feather light highlighting brush to get a beaming look. @makeupbyjesi is straight goals in a sugary twirl of our cotton candy and bubble gum palettes grab 'em before they're gone for good! textbook feathered brow @taniellejaimua used pro palette to fill in fluff up @nataliesole’s gorgeous number 1 destination on your travel bucket list!? comment below @chrisstarlingx you read that right for 24 hours only, get 20 off all foundations concealers exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com tag a friend that needs to know! this offer ends 8am gmt monday 10th august stars in rouge @elvishan looking stunning at the rouge dior party! your lips have never been so beautifully emphasized as with our hot chili lip booster! it gives your lips an intense shine and does not let them stick or dry out.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ base game strong the conceal define foundation has a full coverage and feels like nothing on your skin. i am absolutely in loooove with this foundation. the conceal define concealers are super creamy, has a great coverage and are do easy to blend! @raiiiiiiima uses conceal define foundation in f12 and conceal define concealer in shades c8, c10 c16 get 20 off all foundations and concealers for one day only at revolutionbeauty.com this offer ends 8am gmt monday 10th august ready for unbelievabrows? meet a 2-in-1 brow tint and gel formula that ensures your brows are perfectly filled and volumised. build your desired look in seconds, whether it's natural or bold brows. which one do you prefer? when should you be using new advanced night repair after you cleanse and before you moisturize in the am and the pm! this powerful serum helps protect against damaging pollution by day, repairs the look of visible aging by night! tap to shop new now! combine eyeshadows from the 5 couleurs palette to make a show-stopping statement! 5 couleurs palette 767 inflame new drop alert light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow the 3-in-1 eyeshadow that goes with the flow. light gleam is a dual-ended liquid eyeshadow with a long-wear pigmented primer on one end and a twinkling topper on the other for multiple looks. lightweight with heavy duty results! our plump prime face plumper helps skin boost natural volume making your jawline feel more lifted in just 3 days! available @ultabeauty. the perfect swirl, tap, buff. @elizabethandreaa's glowing skin is courtesy of original loose mineral foundation flawless finish brush. any other using this combo all summer? thirsty for a sheer texture a more hydrating foundation formula? we got you! meet our conceal hydrate foundation and concealer a 50-shade range infused with hyaluronic acid to hydrate the complexion, provide a plumping effect and create a smoother, satin glow finish to the skin keep your radiant selfies coming! tag us using get 20 off all foundations and concealers for one day only at revolutionbeauty.com this offer ends 8am gmt monday 10th august introducing e.l.f. icon 9 of 16 our liquid glitter eyeshadows! why it's an icon: long lasting, quick-drying versatility swipe it on lightly for a soft look or layer for a more vibrant style comfortable wear and minimal fall out includes high-impact, multi-dimensional glitters and pearls in a gel base formula $5 shades: flirty birdy, dirty martini, copper pop, ocean eyes, 24k gold, disco queen, bling bling, black magic, mermaid shimmy, pink swear and purple reign. shop now and don't forget to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to earn triple points on our e.l.f. icons, all month long want a never-sticky, super-shiny, crystal-clear finish gloss? you got it, babe. @bellaboxaunz o!mega bronze’s smooth, silky texture blends effortlessly for a natural-looking bronzed and contoured finish. shop now at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. spritz spritz set it forget it with america’s setting spray makeup setting spray matte repost @huda normalizing tragedy in the middle east needs to stop. the events of the past week in lebanon have shaken many of us to our core, and my heart goes out to all of those affected, who have lost lives, families, homes and businesses. unfortunately, there’s a lot that goes unseen in the middle east, so being originally from and now living in this region, i want to do what i can to support. i want to give some context about what’s happening in lebanon that you may not have seen on the news. before the tragic explosion that took place on august 4th, the lebanese people had already suffered from decades of economic mismanagement, which lead to daily electricity cuts, astronomically high unemployment rates, poor health and extreme poverty. foreign currency has practically run out, and now rapid inflation has left people unable to buy food and other basic essentials. this was pre-covid. add to this the dramatic impact of the global pandemic and you are left with with completely inadequate healthcare systems making it almost impossible to take care of anyone. the explosion last week at beirut ports has laid waste to a beautiful city rich in culture and history has tragically left over 130 people dead many still missing, almost 5,000 injured and approx. 300,000 without homes while hundreds of businesses have been completely destroyed. i have no words to describe the pain the lebanese people are going through, and having seen it happen to my own country of iraq, it deeply saddens me to see this happening elsewhere. it’s time for us to come together to give the people of lebanon the support they deserve. swipe left to see the trusted local charities you can donate to and follow to help. most importantly, share what’s happening in your stories or by having a conversation about what’s going on lebanon needs your support images via @theslowfactory the juice is worth the squeeze who's craving some ultra-pigmented orange sorbet?! an array of shades! from light blonde to brunette to ebony, comes in 6 different shades to allow every woman to build the their dream brow from intense to natural-looking eyebrows. what's your go-to shade? now with new advanced night repair even night owls will turn in early with this pm lineup. tap to shop our nighttime advanced night cleansing balm to melt makeup and impurities away. micro essence to renew and fortify skin new face serum to boost natural collagen lock in moisture advanced night repair eye supercharged complex to brighten dark circles revitalizing supreme night creme to nourish your skin pure color envy nighttime rescue lip-oil to wake up to plumped and moisturized lips you can achieve smooth, soft and visually filled lips with our nourishing hydra care lipsticks!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°06 precious oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ooh la la @brendanwjordan looks so chic in cream-gel! get a little crazy with our liquid eyeliner and create your fiercest look to date get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @brookestyless uses our matte setting spray to complete this pretty, pastel glam she uses our ultimate shadow palette micro brow pencil on the rise liftscara to get the look glossy brilliant lips for everyday! do you prefer lipgloss or lipstick? comment below! recreate this fullface make-up look: eyeshadow n°211, 205, 570, 209 lip brilliance n°72 brilliant romantic pink perfect teint foundation n°32 perfect teint concealer n°12 multi stick bronzing powder compact n°30 color and care nail lacquer n°589 image credits: model: @s.b.997 muah: @michellenolanmua photography retouch: @msmartphotography looking radiant @hanstluce wears a full face of revolution, including new conceal hydrate foundation concealer products used:⁣ @revolutionpro goddess glow primer serum⁣ conceal hydrate foundation in f10, and concealer in c8⁣ bake and blot in banana light⁣ matte base powder⁣ reloaded blusher in 'rose kiss'⁣ reloaded eyeshadow palette in 'velvet rose'⁣ the mascara revolution⁣ highlighter reloaded in 'just my type'⁣ hydrate fix setting spray⁣ crème lip in 'decadence' taking care of your blonde has never been this easy. let the new serum cicanuit repair your hair while you sleep! this lightweight serum will erase up to 55 of bleach damage and intensely hydrate your hair overnight. easy to use, non sticky and non greasy! a blonde dream come true, isn’t it? @dodgygrl is serving up tiger queen vibes in our ultra-pigmented cherry on top shadows dare we say this look is strikes us @looksbylacks who else has matte love for our 24-hour born this way matte foundation?! our true matte formula stays completely true to color while covering imperfections to reveal naturally flawless skin. bold and bronzed. national artistry ambassador @christianschild created this look on using: o!mega bronze in tantalize in blacquer in blacquer from @christianschild photography by: @ladoalexi styling by: @lukasblasberg our ride or die lip balm in shade tough cookie adds a sheer caramel color to lips with a delicious brown sugar scent. infused with jojoba oil and vegan collagen to hydrate and repair lips instantly. tap to shop for $5! a lil this sunday ft. our dewy setting spray new launch sneak peek no cap this launch is a total game changer arriving tomorrow at 8 am pst tap the product tag to get on the list! giving y'all a shimmer boost in @fatimaholla finishes her sunny, summertime look with a pop of moisturizing colour with ultimate lipstick love in rosewood. rosewood is a warm, rich rose, available at @sephora. obsessed! @yeshipolito love finding new favorite products i’m wearing the new born this way matte foundation in shade sand you srsly need it in your life! this avocado toast eye look is anything but basic use brunch bunch brush to apply shade guac in an outward motion to create a liner effect under the eye⁣⁣⠀ use brush and shade guac to blend and shape for a winged effect @gizemozay slays laminated brows using our dynamic duo: makeup setting spray matte fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil who else is loving the trend? with a delicate coconut scent and seamless matte finish, o!mega bronze gives you the vacation glow you’ve been craving. shades shown from top to bottom: tan-tastic!, tantric, and tantalize. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. tag a friend below to inspire them with this sunday diy are so many ways to repurpose your used e.l.f. skincare and makeup containers the prettiest brow application @cutcreaser uses in shade 3.5 to create a perfect straight brow look! a transfer-proof queen pro artist @andreasantiago slays safely with the help of our makeup setting spray matte a transfer-proof queen pro artist @andreasantiago slays safely with the help of our makeup setting spray matte stars in rouge olivia wang wearing the iconic rouge dior 999 matte at the rouge dior party @wangziwen dior forever foundation 0n dior forever skin correct 0n diorshow brow styler 001 diorshow on stage liner 096 dior backstage glow face palette 001 5 couleurs palette color games collection limited edition 897 diorshow pump 'n' volume hd mascara 090 dior lip glow 001 rouge dior matte 999 never dull, never flat! if you're bold and you know it, our silver permanent gel is the perfect fit for you! designed with pure dyes for a high intensity color with x3 more shine! boy de chanel. a makeup and skincare line for men. for a natural or intense look. natural look: @rubenboa is wearing boy de chanel fortifying gel moisturizer to hydrate the skin, boy de chanel concealer and boy de chanel foundation to correct and even out the complexion, boy de chanel eyebrow pencil to fill in and easily define the brows, boy de chanel lip balm to smooth and moisturize the lips. intense look: @rubenboa is wearing boy de chanel fortifying gel moisturizer to hydrate the skin, boy de chanel concealer and boy de chanel foundation to correct and even out the complexion, boy de chanel eyebrow pencil and a black shade of boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil applied as a kohl to emphasize the eyes, boy de chanel lip balm to smooth and moisturize the lips. available in select markets. on hot summer days we prefer a light tinted daycream. our moisturizing skin tint melts into your skin ultra-lightly and delicately, thus ensuring a fresh, glowycomplexion.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ just a lil' soft glam @shaaanxo picks soft pinks for this full-face look products used:⁣ forever flawless allure shadow palette⁣ forever flawless constellation shadow palette⁣ @xxrevolution cloud complexxion primer⁣ conceal define infinite longwear concealer⁣ liquid skin fauxxdation double fixx foundation⁣ conceal fix loose setting powder in light yellow⁣ contour highlight palette⁣ reloaded blush in rhubarb custard⁣ brow sculpt kit in medium brown⁣ eye glisten in adored by you⁣ flick correct eyeliner⁣ blow out! mascara with cannabis sativa⁣ pout bomb in candy⁣ xx revolution xxtra glow lip gloss in strike emphasize your eyes. new. boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil 616 navy. @rubenboa available in select markets. looking for a flawless matte that lasts? consider your search over: makeup wears for 24 hours without settling, creasing, streaking or caking. so you can from sunrise to sunset. what’s your double wear shade? shout it out in the comments! the proof is in the plump! feel results instantly with our dramatically hydrating volumizing lip injection maximum plump! our favorite finishing touch for any occasion. complete your look with mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick in shade memory. available @ultabeauty meet brow microfilling pen: our new waterproof, smudge-proof brow pen with a 3-prong tip that effortlessly creates micro-fine, hair-like strokes! 24-hour microbladed effect waterproof smudge-proof 3-prong tip mimics the look of real brow hairs sheer yet buildable ink formula comes in 4 flexible shades available today exclusively on instagram for $25 tap on the product to shop it now! let’s just take a minute, how beautiful is the flamingo mini trio blush palette @phfashioninsta is lovin' the flamingo mini trio blush oh my blush £8€9.99$12 filled with 3 head-turning blush shades; a rich pink, warm coral and cool toned peach with a cute flamingo imprinted on the pans the more you spend, the more you save spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online. offer exclusive to revolutionbeauty.com dual-ended liquid eyeshadows. 6 shades. endless possibilities. discover the light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow shade range: golden hour: a caramel brown primer with a golden shimmer topper lunar: a dusty rose primer with a pink shimmer topper dusk: an olive green primer with golden shimmer topper refract: a sky blue primer with a rainbow shimmer topper red star: a brick red primer with a pink shimmer topper laser: a deep plum primer with a violet shimmer topper boy de chanel. the makeup and skincare line for men. the new boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil emphasizes, shades and intensifies the eyes. shop the shades boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil 616 navy boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil 618 black boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil 614 brown available in select markets. makeup is all about self-expression, confidence, and celebrating who we are. discover your own inspirational shade of weightless matte color with @militzayovanka and l’oréal paris rouge signature matte lip stain monday just got a little better all thanks to @vianneystrick's beautiful face she uses our dewy foundation for her base and the shade cocoa as her bronzer, then tops of her cheeks with the blush in mellow wine get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com our clarifying booster drops helps clarify the skin for a more even looking complexion with its ingredient packed formula. use alone or add to your foundation or skincare for an extra glow ingredients we love: tea tree oil and witch hazel. tap to @mireyaamua is glistening like a scrumptious belgian waffle in our digs. use her code: mireyaamua for 10 off sitewide watch @mmmmitchell create edgy looks on @daisylmaskell using everything from our new collection! launch dates: 8.13 on morphe.com, select morphe stores⁣, @theofficialselfridges ⁣⁣⁣online in-store 8.20 @themakeupspotnl, @douglascosmetics, @bootsuk⁣ use our new hot chili lip booster for fuller lips and a natural rosy finish!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ radiant skin, radiant eyes. national artistry ambassador @christianschild created this glowing look on @myrtillerevemont for @harpersbazaarukraine using: o!mega bronze in tan-tastic! moisturizer highlighter in dew you? mascara glow away body stick eye-conic palette in extravagance! from @christianschild photography by: @laurencelaborie blessing your feed with a lil monday makeup inspo @adele.v wears our epic wear liner sticks in fierce purple graphic purple periwinkle pop to create this gorgeous, graphic liner fit it, shape it, comb it! create natural, fuller looking brows with the formula is both smudgeproof and waterproof, and dries in 90 seconds without budging all day! have you joined team yet? sprinkles are always the answer top off any look with these vegan face eye must-haves with more than 10 years of expert research in skintones, undertones, and shade matching, we know that your perfect is more than a match that’s “good enough”—it’s a blend of art and science. stay-in-place doesn’t just cover imperfections, it brings your skin to life and helps you every day, no matter what. find the one that’s made in your shade now: www.estee.cm3glxiw7 cicanuit is the new beauty sleep gesture for all types of blonde. recover your hair overnight with no efforts! adapt your routine depending on the level of bleach damage you are experiencing with the new cicanuit: if you’re a sun-kissed blonde, apply your night serum 2 to 3 times a week if you’re a highlighted blonde, apply 3 to 4 times a week if you’re a platinum blonde, apply 2 to 3 pumps of serum cicanui every night find out your complete day night routine by doing an online diagnosis at www.kerastase.com or visiting your nearest kérastase salon for a limited time take only 40 off the ultimate @jaclynhill brush collection on morphe.com select stores! @courtneysvanity dream team give your skincare routine a boost of hydration with our hangover collection! packed with nourishing ingredients to instantly cure your beauty hangover. available @sephoraitalia! history has really been made here because for the first time, from what i can remember, we now have affordable bronzers, in an array of shades for black skin available on the high street! @dosblog is lovin' glow splendour bronzers our large glow splendour bronzers come in 6 rich shades; deep dark, deep, dark, medium dark, medium light, with an added coconut and pineapple fragrance it smells like summer! @snitchery rocks this golden hour eye with our epic wear liner sticks in cosmic yellow silver lining available at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty unlock the golden touch of with revitalizing supreme creme this multi-action creme is ultra-nourishing and smoothing revitalizing skin with healthy radiance and youthful glow after just two weeks of usage, 94 of women said their skin looked more revitalized re-energized! tap to shop now. @minabeautytips consumer testing on 107 women a mighty fine addition to our brow lineup new creates the illusion of real eyebrow hairs with 3 ultra-fine lines in a single stroke! available in 4 flexible shades: blonde light brown medium brown deep brown get it exclusively on the instagram app now for $25 just tap on the product tag! @houchinstagram @zyrken unbelievable but true! yes, in just 90 seconds our will help you build ultra-resistant brows that are smudgeproof, transfer-proof and waterproof! what does that mean? it means they will last from am to pm without any touch ups! we weren't playing when we said transfer proof shop the full epic wear liner sticks collection online at nyxcosmetics.com we’re giving away these cult-favorite, summer skin essentials to one lucky winner and a friend. each of you will receive a full-size youthquake moisturizer, undercover blurring coconut face primer, o!mega bronze your choice of shade, and dew drops gel highlighter your choice of shade to create a radiant complexion. how to enter: follow @marcjacobsbeauty tag a friend in the comments who would love this set each tag counts as an entry bonus entry: share this post to your story and tag us winners will be announced on our stories on august 14th and contacted via dm. no purchase necessary. open to residents of the 50 united states, d.c. must be 18 years or older to enter. ends on august 13th at 11:59pm pst. odds of winning depend upon number of entries received. total of two 2 prizes approx. value of us $192 each available to be won. sponsor: kendo holdings, inc. making you blush our powder blush palette has four vibrant shades to mix and match. available in light and dark. tap to shop for $8 loving this mismatched moment by @glamxbrit she wears our epic wear liquid liner in 'yellow' 'red' to get the look sweat it out while keeping a flawless complexion all day! our oil-free born this way matte foundation has you covered for a full 24 hours of lightweight, sweat-resistant, transfer-resistant, waterproof wear! @sephora color at the tip of your hands create endless looks with our new epic wear liner sticks pair bronzed skin with shimmering, golden lids for the ultimate sun-kissed glow. artistry by @christianschild for @harpersbazaarukraine using o!mega bronze in tan-tastic! and limited edition eye-conic palette in extravagance! model: @myrtillerevemont photography by: @laurencelaborie all 18 shades in our ultra-pigmented retro paradise eyeshadow palette were inspired by the colors of the bahamas available on our website and @target tap to shop! :@tesla.beauty feeling down? spice up your look with a surprise hit of color @mvkdre adds our epic wear liner sticks in 'blue trip' as a finishing touch to this everyday glam forever benebabe @patrickstarrr uses our versatile brow pen to get a microbladed look that lasts all day! patrick’s pro tips: flick the pen in upward strokes with the longest of the 3 prongs facing the front of the brow apply to clean, dry brows before going in with foundation and other brow products get it exclusively on the instagram app now for $25 just tap on the shopping bag icon in profile! @esantoinette is giving us color sky-high lift with bright blue bubble gum shadow plus swipes of true black stellar lash mascara p.s. bubble gum is selling out fast online @ultabeauty get your taste comment with a pink emoji if you have at least 2 of these products! with our color booster lip gloss, you achieve a natural lip color with unique pigmentation as the color adapts to the unique ph value of your skin. pucker up! get your lips prepped and primed with our super sweet dream kiss overnight lip mask sugar kiss lip scrub £5€5.99£7 each in watermelon heaven pineapple crush and cravin’ coconuts what's your flavour? the more you spend, the more you save spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online. offer exclusive to revolutionbeauty.com chasing the sun two warm, ideally harmonized colors of our ultra-light bronzing powder compact give you a beautiful summer face teint and make the complexion appear particularly smooth.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ boy de chanel. a natural or intense look, in just a few steps. natural look: @shixinhuang is wearing boy de chanel fortifying gel moisturizer to hydrate the skin, boy de chanel concealer and boy de chanel foundation to correct and even out the complexion, boy de chanel eyebrow pencil to fill in and easily define the brows, boy de chanel lip balm to smooth and moisturize the lips. intense look: @shixinhuang is wearing boy de chanel fortifying gel moisturizer to hydrate the skin, boy de chanel concealer and boy de chanel foundation to correct and even out the complexion, boy de chanel eyebrow pencil and a black shade of boy de chanel 3-in-1 eye pencil applied as a kohl to emphasize the eyes, boy de chanel lip balm to smooth and moisturize the lips, boy de chanel le vernis in a black shade for an intense look. available in select markets. you write the rules! the infaillible matte lip crayon comes in a ultra-skinny mechanical format, so no sharpening needed! the slanted tip follows your lips natural shape to give you an easy on-the-go matte color with a non-drying, ultra-comfortable finish. grape soda vibez @zenbyzaria goes in glam using @makeupbytammi collection tropical twilight eyeshadow palette golden hour face palette, fast base foundation stick and the conceal hydrate concealer focus on details. new. boy de chanel le vernis 404 black. @shixinhuang available in select markets. did you know that only 25 of your aging process is predetermined by nature? the rest is influenced by nurture–environmental factors including behavioral choices. that means you hold the power to change your skin’s visible future! elegance lies in what is not shown said mr dior. beige. the see-through shade. an essential and timeless color in christian dior's couture, from dresses to bags and hats to shoes, today honored in our beige gradiation of foundation. we're feelin' the gold and green @luisasimona uses forever flawless bird of paradise shadow palette for this stunning look the more you spend, the more you save spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online. offer exclusive to revolutionbeauty.com this shade is calling your name. @rebellebeautyx shows off our new lip injection lip gloss shade: wanna play? @naezrahlooks we see the music the slayage the newest way to light up your eyes with longwearing, crease-proof colour. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended liquid eyeshadow with a long-wear pigmented primer a twinkling topper for multiple looks. repost @kayali it’s here!!! hi my loves!!! i’m super excited to launch our new summer love kit! i've selected the perfect combination i always wear in the summer i've created the cutest summer love pouch to carry all your favs around!! we've included our @hudabeauty liquid matte in shade bombshell, our @hudabeauty rose pastels palette and our citrus 08 fragrance! we have super limited quantities and once they sell-out, we're not bringing them back! exclusively sold on @hudabeautyshop! hope you enjoy and remember, no matter how crazy things get, there's always room for summer love @monakattan omg how cute is the @kayali x @hudabeauty summer love kit?? these babies are sold exclusively on hudabeauty.com until sell out what’s new got that it didn’t have before? with just 1 bottle, pores look dramatically diminished. in fact, 88 of women said their skin’s texture looked more refined after 1 bottle. 1.7 oz. bottle consumer testing on 543 women after 4 weeks using: foundation in amaretti concealer in sugar biscuit in banana bread in rose mascara in giselle in bombshell citrus 08 @glowbysoph is the candy girl of our dreams in pink pigmented cotton candy shadow available on our site for a limited time! sweetest of friends or makers of most mischief? get down with the duality of the @sanrio my melody kuromi shadow palettes each palette features 16 rich shadows, perfect for creating playfully sugary or misbehaved looks. introducing e.l.f. icon 10 of 16 our holy hydration face cream! why it's an icon: helps brighten and even out skin tone instantly sinks into the skin for smooth, non-greasy and soft, supple feel promote a plumped up, bouncy complexion available in fragrance free! key ingredients: hyaluronic acid: helps provide hydration by locking in moisture and reducing water loss resulting in a plumped up, bouncy complexion. niacinamide: helps brighten and even skin tone. squalane: helps improve moisture balance and elasticity. peptides: helps promote collagen for a more refreshed complexion. vitamin b5: helps soothe and hydrate the skin. tap to shop! the lip dream duo par excellence: our perfect color lipsticks in several pretty colors get smudgeproof and even more long-lasting with our magic fix applied on top. fluffy, natural-looking brows...it's as easy as 1-2-3! new glides on evenly to create such thin, perfectly-spaced strokes, you won’t even be able to tell they’re not real brow hairs! seen here in shade deep brown, paired with industrial strength concealer! matte that won't budge! from early morning coffee to late afternoon snacks, our infaillible matte lip crayon will stay intact on your lips! it's ultra-resistant formula is smudge-proof, transfer-proof and waterproof for up to 12 hours, no more repetitive mirror checks! hide-and-sculpt conceal, brighten, and contour with our can't stop won't stop contour concealer this creamy multitasking concealer delivers full coverage that lasts for up to 24 hours we've expanded! say to our newest addition to the @frankbod! shop on morphe.com avail. in coming to select morphe stores 818! @mvkdre shows @oohweeeg her easy model makeup tips!! complement your naturally radiant glam with our long wearing, life-proof 24-hour born this way matte foundation that's so undetectable, they'll think you were born this way. available @sephoracanada head to our stories where we’re answering all your qs about new vegan, plant-powered strength length serum-infused mascara. our ride-or-die @erikalapearlmua created this glam fantasy on @iamcardib using our a goddess! @rayanemakeupp uses our @revolutionpro 24k gold eyeshadow palette, new neutral satin matte lipstick velvet molten body liquid illuminator the more you spend, the more you save spend £35€35$35 and save £5€5$5 spend £50€50$50 and save £10€10$10 full terms online. offer exclusive to revolutionbeauty.com create a lustrous, glass-skin look with new glow away dewy coconut face luminizer. this coconut-infused liquid highlighter makes it easy to achieve a natural-looking glow this summer. shades shown: sunlit and moonlit. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. foundation or food? we're drooling over this swatch of our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation boy de chanel. the makeup and skincare line for men. new. a sheer matte nail colour for a natural effect and a matte black polish for an intense look. shop the shades boy de chanel le vernis 404 black boy de chanel le vernis 402 natural available in select markets. brunch just isn't complete without these high-impact peachy bellini swatches don't take our word for it swipe to read @peachkao's review of our bellini 6 color blush palette! @paletteaddict mask on, mask off! happy magnetic mask kit will lift away and extract impurities, brighten your skin and minimize the appearance of pores! key ingredients: carrot seed oil, sunflower seed oil, vitamin c, vitamin e, and argan oil. kit includes: magnetic mask, magnetic wand, and 20 magnetic wand covers tap to shop lack of sleep? we’ve all been there. luckily, our new advanced night repair allows you to get up and glow. join when you tap to shop and then tag us in your selfies for a chance to get featured! new make your microbladed brow dreams come true with new its 3-prong tip creates the perfect microfine, hair-like strokes! the sheer yet buildable ink formula comes in 4 flexible shades: blonde, light brown, medium brown deep brown! available now for $25 at @ultabeauty @sephora @macys @nordstrom @birchbox @revolvebeauty @beautylish @urbanoutfitters @asos @hsn @qvc @belk @saks @bloomingdales benefitcosmetics.com! @houchinstagram please don't be cake?? @cakefacerj has us doing a double take with this illusion makeup inspired by @mimles she uses our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation epic ink liner in 'brown' to complete the look glowing skin in an instant. celebrity mua @nikkimakeup shows us how to get the perfect glitter-free, everyday glow using glow away luminizer in the shade sunlit on @ariunzuloyunbaatar. check out @darrynmua as they go from glam to zero in the zero pigment on my skin!! and shining like a star. the best reason to buy this is if you loveeee feeling great in your skin. when in doubt, gloss it out our butter gloss in 'apple crisp' is our go-to for a delicious lippie glow big or glow home @cina created this naturally radiant summer look for @revolvebeauty using: matte bronzer blush paradise in the palm of your hand. our shake your palm palms eye shadow palette is the one palette you can depend on all summer long with gorgeous neutrals, mattes and shimmers! go for a dewy, lit-from-within look with glow away dewy coconut face luminizer. this lightweight formula blends like a dream and is infused with coconut extract, for a soothing, skin-conditioning effect. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. giveaway closed congrats @shaniaaaaa.! thank you to everyone who participated! one lucky winner will win our summer must-haves from our new member @frankbod!! what you'll win: orginal coffee scrub cacao coffee scrub coconut coffee scrub rose gold shimmer scrub in your dreams sleep scrub soak caffeinated scalp scrub caffeinated hair mask orginal face scrub caffeinated face moisturiser glow mask lip balm lip cheek tint taupe-less lip cheek tint cherry bomb lip scrub how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @frankbod like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe one comment one entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: how do you take your coffee in the morning? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 81320 at 11:59 pm pst. winner will be announced on this post and dm'd on 81420. raise your hand if you have wap on repeat @evensyaxo recreates @normani's iconic cameo in @iamcardib @theestallion's music video using our epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' srsly satin lipstick for a silky, smooth satin feel and intense color payoff sheer slick lipstick for a sheer wash of color and a smooth, hydrated feel lip lacquer lip gloss for maximum color and brilliant shine which one is your go-to? 3, 2, 1... something fresh blissful is dropping tomorrow and it's a bh first! who can guess what's taking @jakewarden to paradise? break hearts, not blush @subjectobjectmanifest our hydra care lipsticks are an absolute must-have in your make-up collection! the transparent, moisturizing stripe in the middle fuses with the outer colored stripes when applied for color and care! hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°40 nature oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new in hydrate with new hydra bomb lip glosses swipe for a closer look at the range and that applicator these high-shine and non-sticky lip glosses are formulated with hyaluronic and peptides, to hydrate lips, for a glossy finish shop 6 shades of new hydra bomb for £6€7.99$8 each at revolutionbeauty.com bold girls deserve bold colors! create your unique look with our permanent gel for a lively color full of shimmering tones! the caring conditioner kit contains a color mask to maintain your hair's natural smoothness and hydration. who's ready to turn into a silver fox? we have good news for every lipstick lover out there: the fear of smeared lipstick after kissing is a thing of the past with our popular magic fix. hydrate your lips charlotte from @teamrevolutionbeauty swatches all 6 shades of new hydra bomb which shades are calling to you? hydra bomb is a high-shine and non-sticky lip gloss formulated with hyaluronic and peptides, to hydrate lips with a glossy finish get yours for £6€7.99$8 each at revolutionbeauty.com @militzayovanka makes winged liner simple! let the inspiration begin with this super easy winged eyeliner look ft. l’oréal paris matte signature liquid liner. products used: brilliant eyes liquid shadow l’oréal paris matte signature liquid liner lash paradise mascara summer belle glowing lip gloss dreams do come true with overnight hair serums from night serums are the perfect last step to your self-care routine. nutritive 8h magic night serum is best for those looking for added hydration and nourishment. our newest night serum, blond absolu serum cicanuit, is formulated with hyaluronic acid to recover damage from lightening treatments and is best for all types of blonde hair. find out which night serum is right for your hair type with an online diagnosis at www.kerastase.com or by visiting the nearest kérastase salon. shop for overnight hair serums now at @sephora us and fine salons worldwide. we’re turning the volume all the way up with lip volumizer! wear this color reviving formula to plump your lips with moisture and leave you with tap to shop! you are extraordinary! is your hair feeling noticeably dry? revive your curls with our luxurious curl range enriched with precious amla oil extract for intense nourishment and irresistible definition style. how has this range helped your hair? no pigment. no pearl. just a crystal clear gloss that catches and reflects light for a glass-like glow. no pigment glass highlighter for face lip is a flexible formula that provides non-stick, comfortable wear, giving you the perfect sheen on all skin tones. obsessed with you @josemabeauty tag your friends get a fuller, plumper, and smoother pout from the very first swipe. our lip injection lip gloss drenches lips in plush, juicy color combined with scientifically-advanced lip volumizing technology! no falsies needed here!! repost the gorgeous @federiclis no falsies needed here!! repost the gorgeous @federiclis with 16-hour wear, our liquid eyeliner will never let you down… unlike some others, and we know you aren’t wasting time on them @roseandben just dropped get ready, set, serve in our new paradise collection: a fully vegan extra-clean lineup of fruity-scented primers and sprays that is sure to be your makeup's bff summer checklist shake things up. rouge coco flash in shake. colour, shine, intensity in a bright red shade give lips a new life in a flash. @mulanbae gotta hydrate! our @revolutionskincare anti-bacterial hydrating essence spray with hyaluronic acid is here to hydrate, refresh and plump your skin plus it is contains an anti-bacterial active ingredient to help sanitise!⁣ use as part of your skincare regime, to prep skin before make up application or to freshen skin throughout the day. how to use close eyes, hold 20-23cm from face and spray alcohol free, cruelty free vegan. £6€6.99$8 at revolutionbeauty.com nothing but from @tregardashian! he uses cream-gel in shade 6 to get bold, crisp during summer, we are not really in mood for putting on foundation, nevertheless, we love a fresh, glowy complexion. our moisturizing skin tint is the perfect lightly tinted day cream for hot summer days! the perfect pout! whether you're looking for a bold or everyday shade, our infaillible matte lip crayons offer a range of saturated matte colors suitable for all skin tones and perfect for any occassion. what do you most about this product? did someone say no brushes or sponges? our cooling highlighter has a dome-shaped applicator that makes it easy to use! just glide it onto your cheekbones, temples, bridge of nose and cupid’s bow for a lit from within glow tap to shop all four glistening shades! leave ‘em awestruck with our our new water-activated liners make a debut swipe ‘em on with a wet brush for bold effects! top to bottom⁣ slide 1 sacred matte raspberry⁣ 1970 matte paprika⁣ tba fuchsia glitter⁣ wellies matte hickory with sparkle⁣ avalon shimmering copper rose⁣ slide 2⁣ secret gig matte cool taupe⁣ abbey shimmering iced mocha⁣ wild child earthy bronze glitter⁣ acoustic matte hazelnut crème⁣ free spirit shimmering champagne⁣ slide 3⁣ fayre black silver glitter⁣ supersonic golden gunmetal silk slip topper silver haze silver chrome silk slip topper⁣ legends golden glitter⁣ slide 4⁣ green fields matte deep olive⁣ tipi matte mustard⁣ pyramid shimmering vintage mauve⁣ whirl shimmering midnight blue⁣ somerset shimmering turmeric⁣ slide 5⁣ cake liners act 5 matte black liner⁣ act 4 matte chocolate brown liner⁣ act 3 matte red liner⁣ act 2 matte navy blue liner⁣ act 1 matte moss green liner⁣ launch dates: 8.13 on morphe.com, select morphe stores⁣, @theofficialselfridges ⁣⁣⁣online select stores 8.20 @themakeupspotnl, @douglascosmetics, @bootsuk⁣ @prettylittlething @feelunique @cloud10beauty⁣ okay liner pro artist @makeupwithivan has us shook with this graphic liner inspired by the wap music video here's the breakdown: bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily primer can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation epic wear liner sticks in fierce purple periwinkle pop emerald cut chartreuse flash butter gloss in fortune cookie get the look! dalila is wearing our bite-size eyeshadow in cream sugar layered over putty eye primer in color cream, lip lacquer in clear, and primer-infused blush in always rosy. tap to shop the look! from pigments to foundation powders and makeup results, dive into the beige by dior makeup! crushin' on our babe @kkeeaattoonn she is flawless in our born this way matte foundation shade natural beige! a few swipes make all the difference. @haileybieber’s lashes after strength length mascara are too good and she's not alone. head to our story to see the clinical results. hint: 100 of people felt their lashes were dramatically longer bronzed babe @makeupbyraki glows all out using our glow molten body liquid illuminator in bronze glow shimmer oil buffing brush shop 3 for 2 across select bronzing products exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com! the first step to flawless is prime these new paradise prime face primers are vegan, coconut-scented and prep your skin to create a smooth canvas for any makeup application sleep your way into healthier blonde hair! have you tried the new cicanuit yet? find out more about your day night hair care routine at www.kerastase.com saisha spills the tea on how to lock in your best for an all-day slay w her daughter @shailah.leshe here’s what you’ll need: can’t stop won’t stop foundation microbrow pencil utopia palette epic wear liner sticks filler instinct plumping lip color matte setting spray wishing a very happy birthday to our @dixiedamelio what’s your lash look? full and volumized with or long and defined with show us how you dress your eyes. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. cloudy with a chance of slay @harbsy uses our epic wear liquid liner in 'white' to create the clouds for this cute winged liner what will you find inside every beautiful jar of ultimate lift regenerating youth eye creme? exquisite himalayan gentian to transform the look of eyes so you feel extraordinarily beautiful. tap to shop now. get 1-on-1 advice from the comfort of your couch. click the to book a virtual consultation with one of our experts. choose from: 1. skin essentials 2. uncomplicated shade matching 3. clean bare glow 4. wash of color come thru complexion!! @joannasssglam uses our can't stop won't stop contour concealer in 'natural' for a bright and flawless base! @themarcjacobs gives it to you straight. curls and lengthens for elevated lashes. volumizes for major drama. chic out this babe, who got their hands on one? get the glow up, powered by hemp! cannabis sativa a.k.a. hemp seed oil, is a natural oil derived from hemp seeds? all the feels facial oil hemp seed oil an amino-rich formula that helps nourish, hydrate and condition the skin. squalane known to help improve moisture and elasticity rosehip seed oil known to be rich in antioxidants, vitamins and essential fatty acids calm balm key ingredients: hemp seed oil an amino-rich formula that helps nourish, hydrate and condition the skin. sunflower seed oil antioxidant rich oil with soothing benefits to calm skin click on the to shop on elfcosmetics.com have you heard the ink-redible news?! is here to give you microbladed brows without the blade! drop a if you need it in your life! psa: it’s selling out fast on our website, but you can find all 4 shades at your favorite stores: @ultabeauty @sephora @macys @nordstrom @birchbox @revolvebeauty @beautylish @urbanoutfitters @asos @hsn @qvc @belk @saks @bloomingdales! @gabrielle.shoots easy on-the-go! from delicate nudes to dazzling pinks and brown hues with a 90's feel, our infaillible matte lip crayons provide intense colors in just one-swipe, with a luscious caramel scent for an irresistible application. @lexusmperezz ...we're lost in your koi fish pond yes she's waterproof, but can we talk about that blenddddd our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation doesn't play around what's your fave shade from the morphe x @maddieziegler palette? @maddies.makeupmess serving perfect lashes on the daily. top off your glam with better than sex! stock up @sephoraspain. the two different finishes in light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow come together for endless combinations that are always how would you wear? laying that groundwork @nyahyuld our new illuminating collection plus a spritz of refresh face mist for a luminous look that's both vegan and extra-clean in love with this dreamy by @slayedbydre she perfects a flawless base with our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in cappuccino @kimorablac said dewy now you're ready to set and refresh just a spritz of our new vegan tropical-scented paradise set setting sprays will keep your look on lock while multi-tasking paradise refresh face mist can be used as an on-the-go boost all day, every day our new bite-size face duos are perfect for an on-the-go glow each palette includes two highly pigmented complimentary shades for every skin tone! available in 8 stunning shades: spiced apple, watermelon, lychee, white peach, guava, pomegranate, coconut, cantaloupe. shop now on elfcosmetics.com and in-stores and online at @walmart lashes to new heights. curls, lengthens and defines to elevate your look. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames created this stunning look on @karenjoigny using mascara and in blacquer. photography by: @pierarnophoto keep it juicy juicy how cute is this swatch by @dmeeworld?! double trouble our @hsn smart deal includes two volumizing brow gels for $25 $48 value! our color lip shine lipsticks contain shimmering polymers that naturally accentuate and beautify your lips.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ color lip shine lipsticks n°66, 54, 24, 85⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @michellehoeltschi⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this is not a drill for one day only get 20 off all makeup revolution products! tag a friend that needs to know exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com. full price items only. ends 8am gmt friday 14th august wear it like it's fresh! feeling the summer heat? keep your makeup fresh from am to pm with our summer sur l'eau collection. it stands water and the heat! style! a natural makeup look to reveal the glow of the skin by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. with the 67 shades of dior forever we are willing to give every women the choice to feel sensual in dior! dior forever 3wp now is the time to pink positive! get our limited lip jewels and shine bright like a diamond.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewels n°18 pink positive⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ what a haul for one day only, we're offering 20 off all exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com spot anything on your wishlist? summer checklist flirt with a silver fox. le liner de chanel in gris argent and le volume de chanel waterproof in gris argent. waterproof silver liquid eyeliner and matching volume mascara create the perfect pair for summer nights. @mayowanicholas the new night sérum cicanuit, will erase up to 55 of bleaching damage while strengthening and hydrating your hair fiber. your hair will be: 89 stronger 74 more hydrated with 53 less split ends! you dare to go blonde, we care to make your blonde dream come true with the freshest of them all! say bonjour to our new summer sur l'eau collection! now, your makeup can remain flawless all-day long this season with these waterproof and heatproof products: infaillible matte lip crayon bambi eye waterproof mascara unbelievabrow more than concealer introducing new advanced night repair: imagine skin that looks smoother, less lined, more radiant and even-toned; even envision reducing the look of lines in just three weeks! now stop imagining it and make it happen with new tap to shop this superstar now. can your brow gel do this? new strength length brow gel doesn’t just temporarily fill in brows it helps them look fuller over time, too. available now @sephora and @ultabeauty not in the u.s.? the brand-new formula is launching... canada: september 11 mexico, europe, asia, australia new zealand: november 1 omg this is hilarious repost @shophudabeauty moods of 2020 omg!! @emrata's summer glow makeup vs day to night smokey eye makeup which look is your fav? 1 or 2? makeup by the talented @hungvanngo using: look 1 summer glow makeup: hydrating mist look 2 day to night smokey eye makeup: hydrating mist @hudabeautyshop mascara volume side repost @makeupchar easy peasy only a few eyeshadows and no falsies! been loving these kind of looks @hudabeauty new nude palette @hudabeautyshop legit lashes mascara stay matte without looking flat. get 24 hours of longwearing, undetectable, life-proof coverage with our oil-free born this way matte foundation! tap to shop! @sephora name a more powerful duo than our we'll wait… get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com adds everything to basket immediately we need to recreate @meelkup's look! get 20 off makeup revolution products for one day only. ends 8am gmt friday products used⁣ brow sculpt kit dark brown⁣ brow fixer⁣ glow heatwave eyeshadow palette big lash mascara⁣⁣ conceal define infinite concealer in c12.5⁣⁣ glow splendour bronzer medium deep⁣⁣ glow radiance shimmer oil ⁣gold glow molten body liquid illuminator in rose gold and bronze⁣⁣ glow body blending brush⁣⁣ pout bomb plumping gloss in cookie @tuantinpar is tapping in to pure bliss by starting fresh with the shine-reducing paradise prime mattifying formula a lasting solution our beloved @thelumagrothe wearing the new summer sur l'eau collection. a collection especially targeting the warm summer season with heatproof and waterproof makeup. “when i can’t get my brows done but i can get them on point using the new brow microfilling pen from @benefitcosmetics @iluvsarahii why she loves it natural-looking easy to apply won’t fade, bleed or smudge 24-hour waterproof ink formula available in 4 flattering shades introducing e.l.f. icon 11 of 16 our no budge retractable liner! why it's an icon: creamy, ultra-pigmented, and ultimate staying power waterproof and retractable multi-use: use on your lash line, waterline, or all over the lid for intense eyes that last all day available in five shades $4! shades: black, charcoal, navy, white and coffee tap to shop! we’re shook with this waterproof 16-hour wear! trust, this baby won’t let you down. this natural make-up look with glossy lips will never go out of style! recreate the whole look with these products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°218, 350, 538, 211⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint foundation n°32⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ translucent shimmer powder⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bronzing powder compact long-lasting n°50⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ twist for volume mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra lip booster n°28 translucent mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photography retouch: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @claudiamisiak⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @jennylliana mask-proofs her look with a few of our holy grails! here are the deets: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer makeup setting spray matte aka america's setting spray the spotlight is on you! our new and improved advanced night repair is here! are you part of snap a selfie share using @esteelauder, and for a chance to be featured! omg!! we are so excited to announce that our born this way eye shadow palette has been voted best newcomer our iconic better than sex mascara has been voted best mascara by the 2020 @meccamaxima beauty election! the main event collection w @mmmmitchell and @daisylmaskell⁣ is now available on morphe.com, select morphe stores⁣, @theofficialselfridges ⁣⁣⁣online select stores! other dates: 8.20 @themakeupspotnl @douglascosmetics @bootsuk⁣ @prettylittlething @feelunique @cloud10beauty⁣ summer checklist go greener. le crayon yeux in vert eden. a long-wear eye pencil that gives a variety of green effects thanks to the built-in smudge-tip applicator. @imarikaranja no shade: foundation matching and tips w @alexandriamariee looking for a majorly matte moment? our just dropped paradise collection will take you there in 3 easy steps:⁣⁣⠀ prime your skin with shine-reducing, coconut-scented mattifying face primer⁣⁣⠀ set your look with grapefruit-scented mattifying spray⁣⁣⠀ refresh your face mood with watermelon-scented refresh mist do you know that cicanuit is the hair care serum with the highest hyaluronic acid concentration? watch as we test the power of this skincare superstar ingredient! find your day night blonde hair care routine at www.kerastase.com @mmmmitchell is firing it up w our new water-activated liners these lip glosses are soo iridescent! i wasn’t ready @medeaij swatches shimmer bomb lip gloss in sparkle, daydream and distortion spill the tea! hear that? gorgeous brows are calling your name just flick it, click it go! psa: our new is selling out fast on our website, but you can find all 4 shades at your favorite stores: @ultabeauty @sephora @macys @nordstrom @birchbox @revolvebeauty @beautylish @urbanoutfitters @asos @hsn @qvc @belk @saks @bloomingdales! stay fresh with the summer sur l'eau collection! has made it easy for you by matching some of our favorite products. it's all waterproof, heatproof makeup for those long summer days. keep it and with a scented face mist that revives skin anytime, anywhere! take us to @jakewarden @nyahyuld @eman @tuantinpar @alissajanay @valeloren glowing like a goddess she uses our luminous putty primer for a soft, radiant base underneath her complexion products. tap to shop! spread love. make heart. did you know mascara’s luxe striped packaging was inspired by marc’s love of stripes? from @themarcjacobs wearing and in blacquer. @chanteljeffries stuns us with this radiant, everyday makeup look. here are the deets: bare with me tinted skin veil in 'cinnamon mahogany' wonder stick in 'medium' filler instinct plumping lip color in 'beach casual' dip, shape, go! longwear brow pomade in 'espresso' bare with me cannabis multitasking spray feeling a little out of your element? our new advanced night repair can keep up! it helps fortify skin and protect it against environmental assaults. leave skin with a healthy glow and feeling nourished with our number one serum! @dianapenty light gleam’s pigmented primer acts as an eye primer and richly pigmented liquid eyeshadow in one, giving you rich, crease-proof colour that lasts all day. add the twinkling topper for a colour-shifting chrome effect. our headlining act of water-activated liners, included in the make their debut swipe ‘em on with a wet brush for bold effects! shades: act 5 matte black liner⁣⁣ act 4 matte chocolate brown liner⁣⁣ act 3 matte red liner⁣⁣ act 2 matte navy blue liner⁣⁣ act 1 matte moss green liner⁣⁣ experience ultimate volume and the look of thick, false lashes with the ultra-concentrated black pigment creates instant, smudge-free volume in three strokes or less. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. a lil action to get you through the day who else finds our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil in 'clear' tame, set add texture to your brows with this formula beauty @aidettec keeps her skin flawless, shine-free and oil-free all day long with our born this way matte foundation shade golden beige! loving this brow transformation by @francislola she uses our micro brow pencil in 'ash brown' for a straighter, snatched brow! can you name the shades of our srsly satin and sheer slick lipsticks in this photo? let us know in the commentsclick on the to shop now watermelon sugar grab a hold of our new vegan paradise refresh face mist to give your skin a reviving vacay no matter where you're spritzing infuse color into your look. @morganemartini added a hint of in berry deep to make this winged liner pop. products breakdown: mascara in berry deep and mo’cha in brownout and marigold videography by: @christianferretti model: get the look of microbladed brows...without the commitment! watch as @tredayy effortlessly creates realistic brow strokes using our new drop a below if you wish you had all 3 mascaras in your makeup bag right now! @houchinstagram @zyrken our magic fix fixes your lipstick like an invisible protective layer on your lips. essential oils provide extra care.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ it's no makeup, makeup! meet our new superdewy collection, the perfect blend of skincare and makeup, with a full regime to help you achieve dewy skin that looks smooth, bright glossy not oily or greasy! superdewy skin toner⁣ superdewy glucosamine hydrating serum⁣ superdewy skin essence spray⁣ superdewy makeup serum⁣ superdewy blur balm⁣ superdewy perfecting putty primer⁣ superdewy multi purpose balm⁣ superdewy tinted moisturiser [12 shades]⁣ save 20 off when you buy 3 or more products from superdewy collection at revolutionbeauty.com grey is the most convenient, useful and elegant neutral color. and, if it suits your complexion, there is nothing more elegant. christian dior it’s all about that dewy skin finish shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty achieves the ultimate no makeup, makeup look using our new superdewy perfecting putty primer coming soon, superdewy makeup serum, superdewy skin tinted moisturiser in caramel superdewy multi-purpose balm which of our hydra care lipsticks is your personal all time favorite? n°02 charming oasis n°06 precious oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°46 relaxing oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ a new formula for revolution, our superdewy multi-purpose balm is perfect for adding a glossy glow to face, lips body it also helps restore dry, cracked skin! capture the timeless beauty of the peony with the newest fragrance from @aerin: fleur de peony. a sparkling, luscious floral scent that turns any moment into a celebration! tap to shop now! it's official! the search to find our born this way ambassador ends soon, beauties! meet our top 5 finalists! from left to right⁣ @beautybytaramarie⁣ @theviketwins⁣ @officialparismarie⁣ @glaminista08⁣ @alegriajimenez⁣ today is the last day to vote! don't miss your chance to decide who you think was born to be a beauty boss. see link in bio to vote for your favorite finalist! want to be tiktok famous? enter our contest on tiktok now through 820 and you could win a beauty bootcamp with tiktok’s biggest stars @avani, @madimonroe and @sethobrien a brand deal with e.l.f. free e.l.f. product for a year! how to enter on tiktok: create a tiktok video showing why you should be tag and @elfyeah in your video follow @elfyeah use the song head to tiktok now to enter! contest ends 820. open to us and uk residents. must be 13 @eman is finessing her skin with our new coconut-scented vegan paradise hydrating primer ideal for a dewy makeup finish or dry skin plus vegan extra-clean pretty in peony @aerin’s newest fragrance, fleur de peony, is an exquisite scent featuring lush floral notes of jasmine petals and peony that pair with the sweet succulence of lychee. it brings the delicate beautiful scent of peony flowers to you, even when it’s not peony season! congrats to our winner @deylah giveaway time! we teamed up with @buxomcosmetics to give away a bundle of summer makeup and clean skincare psst: it's worth $300. 2 lucky followers will win everything you see here. here's how to enter: 1. follow @buxomcosmetics and @bareminerals. 2. like and save this post. 3. tag your bffs in the comments. each separate comment is an entry! bonus: share this post to your story for an extra entry. no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends august 16, 2020 at 11:59 pm et see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: https:bit.ly33scswx. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. seamless. buildable. natural. our pressed highlighter gives you a glow that you can swear is all your own. unlike traditional pressed powder highlighters, the formula blends ultra-fine, pearl pigment with liquid for a buttery texture and your most natural, luminous glow. meet @daisylmaskell is the hotter-than-hot host of the @kissfresh breakfast show, this british babe got her start working behind-the-scenes at events like london fashion week and is now making waves as a tv presenter and radio personality. drop a to welcome her into the can we just take a moment to appreciate that dewy skin finish @teamrevolutionbeauty achieve the ultimate dewy no makeup, makeup look save 20 when you buy 3 or more products from our new superdewy collection at revolutionbeauty.com products used: superdewy hydrating toner, superdewy hydrating serum, superdewy perfecting putty primer coming soon!, superdewy blur balm, superdewy makeup serum, superdewy multi purpose balm, superdewy essence spray superdewy skin tint. shades worn left to right lauren medium light, shahira caramel, cj medium light, nisha tan charlie medium light brow queen @maryamnyc is ready for her closeup with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! transfer-proof mask-proof 24 hr wear we gotchu covered with our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation available online at nyxcosmetics.com style your lash look with our mascara wardrobe. choose for volume, or for length and definition. opt for next-level lashes by layering velvet noir over at lash’d. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. uplift and delight your senses with @aerin’s new fleur de peony scent. available in fragrance, crème and candle form celebrate the joy of the peony flower with tap to shop, now! our color lip shine lipstick is free of parabens, fragrances and silicone and gives your lips a beautiful natural finish color lip shine lipstick n°24 shiny coral⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ everyone needs a little bit of rr, join @violettefr to learn all about how she finds some chérie-me time to relax. shop the products featured below: face serum: https:estee.cm3amzenr eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm2ptn83y revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm326p2ur lip oil-serum: https:estee.cm3kuppos sumptuous rebel mascara: https:estee.cm30uifzx amber musk candle: https:estee.cm30xnrxg @chantalcaroline channels my melody kuromi for her stunning look have you tried our new collection yet? tag us for a chance to be featured friendly reminder to mask up this weekend! @mvkdre is ready to slay the weekend wearing our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation skip the needles and plump the easy way. plump, fill, and lift like never before with our plump prime face plumper and lip injection maximum plump! a ritual of shininess treat yourself with the delighted sensation of fresh shiny hair with the hair color ritual from open the coloring bottle and pour it entirely into the developer bottle, and shake for a completely even mixture. part your hair into small, even sections and apply the color. apply conditioner and rinse thoroughly. and voilà! add a little sparkle and shimmer to your look this weekend our primer-infused shimmer blush is infused with lock on primer powder to give you a luminous and healthy glow. available in six shades for $6. tap to shop! pampering time should always be part of your weekend plans! include this effortless night time gesture to your hair care routine, and let the sérum cicanuit heal your blonde while you sleep. find out the at-home routine adapted to your hair needs by taking the online hair diagnosis at www.kerastase.com dramatic volume for a dramatic wing. mua @claudiu.burca created this graphic eye look on @ioannalexandrra using mascara and gel eye crayon in blacquer. giveaway closed! congrats @mylyfestyle, @angmary, @kristinaxgomez, @raincroww, @ledesma.gabriella! thank you to everyone who participated! 5 lucky winners will win the main event pr box! 24m main event artistry palette lip crayon trio bring the beat by @mmmmitchell 6-piece brush collection belt bag how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ ⁣⁣⁣⁣@mmmmitchell @daisylmaskell like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe one comment one entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop your fave singerband good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 81720 at 11:59 pm pst. winner will be announced on this post and dm'd on 81820. fill in the blank: it’s the for me!” ft. here is our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation flaunt a dewy complexion combat dry skin with our new coconut-scented paradise hydrating routine: face primer pre-makeup to create a smooth canvas⁣⁣⠀ setting spray spritz on top to keep your fresh face on lock adds to basket immediately stock up on our new superdewy collection and save 20 off when you buy 3 or more items! what's on your wishlist? attention students want 10 off to start the school year with a fresh new look?! sign up for @studentbeans today to get your exclusive student discount code, redeemable on all orders at benefitcosmetics.com! @gabrielle.shoots this purple is a moment recreate @zeezyxbeauty's hypnotizing using the below: epic ink liner born to glow radiant concealer in soft beige high glass illuminating powder in moon glow bare with me cannabis multitasking spray intensify the natural you our beloved formula intensifies the natural tones of your hair color with luminous reflects. get ready for a long-lasting effect with the shine protect conditioner that you find in the box. it's enriched with uv filter vitamin e to help preserve the radiance of your colored hair. a crystal-clear highlight so pure, all it catches is the light, not your hair. becca zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip is a multi-use highlighter for a glass-like glow without the sticky feel, available at @sephora @thefashionfreakk is the main event @blendingtheruleswithbrandi has us dreaming of sunsets by the beach with this smoldering cut crease she locks the look in with our makeup setting spray matte matte made in heaven cover imperfections while controlling oil and shine all day with our 24-hour born this way matte foundation. we pinky swear that our liquid glitter eyeshadows are 100 eye-catching why we love them: long lasting, quick-drying gel-based formula formulated for comfortable wear and minimal fall out one-swipe glitter coverage $5! shop all 11 shades now on elfcosmetics.com hi pigment! @alexuscrown has us dreaming over this poppin' she uses our micro brow pencil epic wear liner sticks in pink spirit periwinkle pop to get the look @alissajanay is looking fresh af in our vegan extra-clean paradise refresh face mist just a spray and slay anytime of day selfie-worthy skin @mariasgoldenmakeup wears air stick foundation for light-as-air, undetectable coverage! just a spray and slay anytime of day our refresh face mist is scented and perfect for an on-the-go boost and the winner is... introducing our born this way ambassador, @alegriajimenez! congratulations on winning our born this way perfect match challenge, gorgeous! it’s the full coverage for me cakeless concealer is the do-it-all solution for everything from blemishes to dark circles. plus, it’s waterproof long-wearing! you want a fresh and juicy finish on your lips for your perfect summer make-up look? then our hydra lip booster n°20 translucent sparkling is the right choice for you!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ neutral yet very elegant, discover how dior makeup celebrates grey everyday! want to know your skin's age? it's super easy, simply click the link in our bio and head over to loreal-paris.com to answer a few questions. once you're finished, skin genius will analyse your skin and calculate your virtual age. that dew tho charlie from @teamrevolutionbeauty uses our new superdewy collection to achieve the ultimate glossy no makeup, makeup look brb, gotta glow! shop more for less with 3 for 2 across our fave bronze glow products, exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com. tag a glowy babe that needs to know! selected items only. cheapest item free, offer applied automatically at checkout the ultimate 2in1 mascara: our twist mascara! with the twisted-out step you can perfectly lengthen and separate your lashes. the twisted-in variation creates volume and curl.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ faux freckle hacks by the gorgeous and talented @velabeauty have you tried these hacks? stunning @velabeauty wearing @hudabeauty mascara setting spray 1st vid @hudabeautyshop neon green obsessions 2nd vid give your skin the day off. the zero no pigment collection smooths and blurs the appearance of skin while adding a pure, glass-like glow to the face and lip. perfect for days when you want to take a break from a full faced makeup look and show the world nothing but you. it's and we're making the most of some me time with new advanced night repair, revitalizing supreme cell power creme and new advanced night repair. what's your go-to skincare relaxation routine? let us know in the comments below. prep for flawless foundation with our primed poreless powder. it refines skin for a texture-free finish! available @shoppersbeauty. @nyahyuld is our glow girl in new coconut-scented paradise illuminating primer a radiant makeup base that's both vegan and extra-clean just keep glowin' @klaudiamendyk uses the glow heatwave eyeshadow palette glow molten body liquid illuminator to bring the heat klaudia also uses the dark brown brow sculpt kit bronzer reloaded in long weekend don't forget, you can get 3 for 2 on exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com! selected items only. cheapest item free, offer applied automatically at checkout extreme length or epic volume? which lash look is your go-to? choose for length and definition, or for major volume. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. @jvongphoumy frames her gorgeous sunset eye look with equally gorgeous all she used to get the look is our brow powder in shade 5! fancy a drink watch @mmmmitchell @lipsticknick guess different vs. treats drinks on end the debate: drop a for a cookie or a for a biscuit tag your favorite tiktokker below do you want to be tiktok famous?! here's your chance! enter our contest on tiktok now through 820 and you could win a brand deal with e.l.f. a beauty bootcamp session with tiktok’s biggest stars @avani, @madimonroe and @sethobrien free e.l.f. product for a year! how to enter on tiktok: create a tiktok video showing why you should be tag and @elfyeah in your video follow @elfyeah use the audio in your video head to tiktok now to enter! contest ends 820. open to us, can and uk residents. must be 13 get an expert analysis powered with skin genius scans on 5 skin dimensions: radiance wrinkles firmness appearance of pores even complexion want to know more about your skin? click the link in our bio now! we stan a subtle, soft glam @makeupbyfxmaaa here's the breakdown: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'classic tan' highlight contour pro palette makeup setting spray dewy micro brow pencil in 'espresso' go from sheer to bold with our new and improved blushes get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target and always at wetnwildbeauty.com wow! this is the perfect glamour make-up look for your next night out. rereate the whole look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°209 earth spirit⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°19 pearly bright nougat⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ galaxy eye powder n°54 rosy starlet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ translucent shimmer powder all over the face⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°815 winterberry⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: photography: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @jana.liana mua: @hair.and.makeupartist.sarah indulge today it is you know by treating your eye area to our soothing and rejuvenating concentrated recovery eye mask instantly: the eye area feels cool and refreshed in just 10 minutes: eyes look more rested, radiant and renewed hello, lashes! hello, brows! these instant results are brought to you by our new strength length serum-infused mascara and brow gel. get them both @sephora flawless! @laviedunprince perfects his complexion with our born this way matte foundation shade natural beige. it's a mini mist-have our is now a mini, so now you can set and refresh your anywhere you slay. show off some glam glimmer in 3 simple steps thanks to our new paradise illuminating collection:⁣⁣⠀ prime your skin with radiant, coconut-scented illuminating face primer⁣⁣⠀ set your look with pineapple-scented illuminating spray⁣⁣⠀ refresh all day, every day with watermelon-scented refresh mist with her new day night routine, @philippineurvois said goodbye to her unhealthy blonde by adding an easy quick night time gesture. with her blonde is nourished and repaired! highlighted blonde, platinum blonde or sun-kissed blonde, dare to be the blonde you want to be! the new sérum cicanuit is recommended for all types of blondes. let us know down below what is your day night blonde care routine. introducing e.l.f. icon 12 of 16 our lip exfoliator! why it's an icon: gently exfoliates lips to remove dry, chapped skin infused with vitamin e, shea butter, avocado, grape and jojoba oils treats and smoothes lips for a conditioned and revitalized feel $4! available in: brown sugar, sweet cherry, mint maniac, coconut, and rose. tap to shop meet our new superdewy tinted moisturiser 12 shades our first lightweight true-to-skin formula perfect for those no makeup, makeup days the blend of skincare and makeup helps to blur imperfections and even skin tone, while offering a hint of dewy coverage. enriched with antioxidant wild berry extract and infused with 68 water, this formula gives you dewy makeup finish with long-lasting hydration! how do you dew it? blend into skin with a makeup brush, damp sponge or fingertips shahira caramel, nisha tam, cj lauren medium light swipe for swatches by @blackgirlswatches @nailasworld. plus save 20 off when you buy 3 or more products from superdewy collection at revolutionbeauty.com getchu a foundation that passes the mask test! @kilennyk locks in her look for a transfer-proof glam using our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer makeup setting spray matte show some love for your fave product shout it out in the comments! @shhrrlee is starting her day the right way shop @frankbod on morphe.com select morphe stores. sweet like honey we're lickin' our lips over this swatch of our butter gloss in 'bit of honey' liquified light highlighter in our best-selling shade passion was inspired by pressed highlighter in moonstone. passion is pale, incandescent pearl that reflects gold. can you guess which too faced palette is in the photo?! hint: it smells like chocolate! a lil soft glam for your timeline @gizemozay slays the day with our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil jumbo eye pencil worth the hype mascara butter gloss in 'praline' @makeupbyshaniah is stunnin’ she carves out her brows using bronzes with bronzer in toasted! pastel dreams @midnightweirdo uses the shades tropicana, royal, disco, and baja mar from our retro paradise 18 piece eyeshadow palette. available now at @target a glossy moment our butter gloss in 'marshmallow' adds the perfect pop of sweetness to your look @caroviee is blissed out in new paradise refresh face mist, a multi-tasking spray that instantly glows up any look, anywhere what’s the first step in your makeup routine? our little slice of whether you want a or finish, this just dropped collection has something for you such a pretty everyday make-up! @carmushka shows you a simple and natural summer look. products used: large oval brush eye shadow base long wear concealer ultra fine brow liner n°21 ash brown all seasons bronzing powder glow bronzer hydra care lipstick n°40 nature oasis all in one mascara waterproof 3in1 fixing spray you read that right for today only, get free worldwide shipping at revolutionbeauty.com tag a friend that needs to know ends monday 17th august 8am gmt matte in just one swipe one of favorite companion in the summer heat! it comes in 20 gorgeous shades and they are all waterproof and heatproof. choose for lips that last! that glow lucy from @teamrevolutionbeauty applies molten glow body illuminator in gold using the matching new body blending brush get free worldwide shipping for one day only at revolutionbeauty.com! ends 8am gmt monday 17th august time for that little bit of extra boost for your lips! our hot chili lip booster gives your lips an intense shine without making them sticky at all. image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ready when you are! our infaillible matte lip crayon is available in 20 ultra-resistant shades. one of our favorite shades from the collection is 'sweet salty'! why? it's a dreamy peachy nude perfect for long summer days! energized, lifted and radiant. that’s how you’ll feel after you try this trio. energize in a moment of indulgence with the ultimate facial massager lift and contour the look of skin with ultimate diamond transformative energy dual infusion hydrate and revive dull skin with ultimate diamond transformative energy creme new drop alert complete your hydra-light lip care collection with new hydra-light smoothing lip scrub. use it with hydra-light plumping lip mask and hydra-light plumping lip balm, available in 8 buildable, light-reflecting shades. the haul of our dreams. which too faced product would you want from this haul? comment below! add a wash of color to your weekend. whether you go with gen nude or bounce blur, the right eyeshadow palette can make all the difference. top it off with strength length mascara to really make the eyes pop. a graphic liner and a metallic eyeshadow the key of a bold look! makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of diormakeup this is not a drill right now, get 3 for 2 on all @revolutionpro exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com swipe fo a peek at some of our bestselling products cheapest item free. discount automatically applied at checkout @avani has some important news to help you become tiktok famous! enter our contest on tiktok now through 820 and you could win a beauty bootcamp with tiktok’s biggest stars @avani, @madimonroe and @sethobrien a brand deal with e.l.f. free e.l.f. product for a year! how to enter on tiktok: -create a tiktok video showing why you should be -tag and @elfyeah in your video -follow @elfyeah -use the audio in your video watch @lipsticknick create a smokey eye inspired by her alexandrite birthstone using the new orange has never looked this good! @nyane wears our epic ink liner makeup setting spray dewy for this fierce take your looks to paradise by starting your makeup routine off with these vegan extra-clean primer bbs available now in mattifying, hydrating and illuminating fomulas omg! 47million! thank you so much my loves for all the love and support!!! you guys are my everything!! we haven't done a giveaway in a while, and i would love to do one to say thank you! what do you guys want us to do a giveaway for? sea it for yourself! our has the power to make your eye makeup pop and provide you with the ultra longwear, full coverage your skin needs! that's why we call it more than concealer. as she tries on our high-shine lip colors get it, girl: @walmart @target @amazon @walgreens... and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we are living for @rogermuru’s brows he gets this microbladed brow look using our new in deep brown what are your fave types of liner looks? we're loving this bold, graphic moment by @aimee.k she uses our og epic ink liner to get the look! and lip care go hand in hand. before you swipe on your favorite lip color, moisturize, plump, and baby your lips with lip care! discover our lip care collection infused with ingredients that plump your lips with moisture and leave you with tap to shop now. lipstick shades featured from l to r: rebellious rose 420, eccentric 260, and musings 534 all of the plump, none of the pain. our plump prime face plumper can be used during the day to prime skin for flawless makeup application and again at night to visibly plump lift skin! available @ultabeauty. candied caffeinated lovinggg this lilac cotton candy shadow and lip gloss duo look on @heymesh the ultimate blonde beauty sleep! now that you’re blonde, do you dare to dream with cicanuit? let us know your thoughts about this new night sérum in the comments! introducing e.l.f. icon 13 of 16 our gentle peeling exfoliant! why it's an icon: gently peels away dead skin leaves your skin looking healthy and glowing added benefits of tangerine, papaya, and licorice extracts finally back in stock tap to shop for $10 mesmerise with gold @annicolemar wears the @revolutionpro 24k gold eyeshadow palette, 24k gold priming serum, 24k gold setting spray hydra plump lip gloss in mode and, get 3 for 2 on all rn exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com⁣ cheapest item free. discount automatically applied at checkout she's sleek she's pigmented! our epic ink liner is our fave for a quick lil liner compliment flawless matte coverage by pairing with rosy cheeks and a soft pink lip. get the look: stay-in-place makeup in 2n1 desert beige in insist 114 sculpting in pink kiss 220 @minabeautytips flamin' hot @robertavixen recreates @vladamua's iconic, fiery using our epic ink liner can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'fair' walk on water! it's waterproof and heatproof? yes you heard right! our summer sur l'eau collection is perfect for long summer days and nights! which product do you the most? long lashes, eye-conic eyes, pink pops. mua @shiyojoo created this soft, everyday glam look using mascara and eye-conic palette in scandalust on @neelofa. quick! let us know which tint would be you top pick! @lolaliner hit the mark mia spills the tea on her effortless, fresh faced makeup routine using some of our summer essentials. here's the breakdown: high glass illuminating primer can't stop won't stop foundation ultimate shadow palette in 'phoenix' 3 steps to sculpt nyxcosmetics beauty perfection! @nancycruises wearing born this way matte foundation in shade “natural beige.” it’s the perfect light-weight foundation that lasts all day gives me the flawless finish i look for in a foundation. complexion perfection @cocoaswatches uses our 16hr camo concealer in deep cinnamon. tap to shop our holy grail concealer for $6! say to your makeup's new bff! these vegan extra-clean setting sprays perfectly enhance your complexion with a fresh tropical scent available now in mattifying, hydrating and illuminating formulas have you met our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation mask-proof, sweat-proof, water-proof infused with vitamin e full coverage, matte finish 100 vegan formula available online at nyxcosmetics.com have you met our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation mask-proof, sweat-proof, water-proof infused with vitamin e full coverage, matte finish 100 vegan formula available online at nyxcosmetics.com brows on point @araalnaiem wears in shade 4.5 to get the perfect arch! one day only! get 20 off @revolutionskincare at revolutionbeauty.com tag a skinthusiast that needs to know! ends 8am tuesday 18th august the art of the brows made easy! get flawless brows that are naturally you with this easy salon service hack and pro tips by @militzayovanka products used: brow stylist definer mechanical pencil lash paradise mascara brilliant eyes liquid shadow our hydra care lipsticks have a creamy texture for a comfortable fit and come with medium coverage for a natural look!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @andreasreiterfotografie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ from soft shimmer to gorgeous glow, our n.y.m.p.h. all over highlighting powder got you covered! repost @sylvesterdani obsessed with the new n.y.m.p.h highlighter we've gotta treat for you... 20 off skincare has been extended! now ends 8am gmt wednesday 19th august vitamin c is an antioxidant that protects skin cells from damaging free radicals caused by uv exposure. helps with hyperpigmentation, dark marks, brightens your skin and enhance skin radiance @labellesluxury uses our new vitamin c cream cleaner brightening cream cleanser, brightening polisher, 20 vitamin c radiance serum, brightening eye cream radiance moisture cream full hair workout! no need to worry about excessive hair breakage or fall out again with our power mask! charged with supplements; to work in affinity with the hair fibre from root to tip. that glow tho! stunning!!! @falkebeauty tag your makeup bestie lip care with delicate pigmentation for a shiny finish and a fresh look: we love our color booster lip balms!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the new face of pink. with artistic flair and a radical vision of colour, @luciapicaofficial takes pink and transcends it to create a fall-winter 2020 collection inspired by her iconic les 4 ombres palette. infused with red, pink becomes insolent and transgressive on the eyes. chocolaty, it looks sensual and organic on the lips. pearly, it seems innocent and childlike on the cheeks. a feminine pink that leaves childhood far behind. les 4 ombres 364 candeur et séduction stylo yeux waterproof 959 psyché baume essentiel rosée rouge allure ink fusion 836 idyllique @vittoria plump, smooth, and nourish lips instantly, for a difference you can see. hydra-light plumping lip mask is a sheer, leave-on mask infused with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture, and a plumping peptide complex to visibly plump lips. up close with our latest obsession. pair our 24-hour born this way matte foundation with our mr. perfect foundation brush to achieve a flawless full coverage matte finish. tap to shop! @sephora serum 101 take note, new advanced night repair is the one beautiful skin can’t live without! 20 off @revolutionskincare has been extended! now ends 8am gmt wednesday 19th august meet our new superdewy range, infused with do-good ingredients to draw moisture into the skin and make your skin look plump and dewy superdewy hydrating toner create the perfect base for a dewy skin look! imply pump onto a cotton pad with the easy to use applicator and sweep over skin for nourished and hydrated skin that's ready for a glow up.⁣ skincare superdewy hydrating serum help stimulate your skin's production of hyaluronic acid with this hydrating serum, formulated with glucosamine for easily absorbed hydration and improved skin tone that will leave your skin looking plump and dewy.⁣ superdewy hydrating spritz top up your dew on the go with the ultra-fine essence spray. every spritz leaves you refreshed and radiant! who keeps watching this on repeat? @anushzey keep the intensity high! permanent hair dye gel is for you who wants a unique look with that extra shine! it's a permanent hair color that's blended with pure dyes that ensures intense and shimmering results! drop a if you're livin' for this morphe grunge moment on @daisylmaskell add stylish sophistication to your everyday lash look with lengthening and curling mascara. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. at the heart of the fall-winter 2020 collection, pink transforms. between passion and purity, chanel pink delivers an entire colour palette of its own. dense or iridescent shadows, childlike or insolent balms and light or dark nail colours give form to blushing or pearly cheeks, spicy or sugary lips and carefree or impertinent eyes. rouge coco flash 134 lust rouge coco 494 attraction le vernis 765 interdit rouge allure ink fusion 836 idyllique les 4 ombres 364 candeur et séduction stylo yeux waterproof 955 romance stylo yeux waterproof 959 psyché @luciapicaofficial looking for some summer makeup tips? stay tuned and discover the dior makeup beauty tips to get ultra fresh and easy makeup looks for summer! forever skin correct 0,5 n 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl waterproof 090 black all on the primer in america. our poreless putty primer is a holy grail. @moodsandviews why we love it: velvety texture glides effortlessly over the skin, smoothing over imperfections while helping minimize the appearance of pores infused with squalane for optimal hydration grips makeup for all-day wear a flawless finish perfect for all skin types $8! make your pigment pop with a lil spritz of america's setting spray pro artist @xoivettea shows us how it’s done! what are your matte setting spray hacks? open the door for all the minis of your dreams! our superstar wardrobe minis makeup value set includes 14 mini products for just $90 a $201 value! assortment includes: mascara mascara mascara face primer primer matte bronzer blush blush highlighter liquid liner volumizing brow gel in shade 3 in shade 3 in shade 3 available at @ultabeauty benefitcosmetics.com! looking for a that works as hard as you do? new advanced night repair has the same silky-smooth texture your skin loves, with a new formula that works even harder to deliver targeted results: fast visible repair boosts natural collagen skin feels firmer minimizes the look of pores @lynnacsecnarf is showing out in all pink everything add some extra sweetness to your shadow collection with the luscious cherry on top palette available on our site for a limited time smooooth our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation has us dreaming of dessert bold colors for bold girls! show your cool side with permanent hair dye gel from check out our many high-intensity colors, all developed to fully embrace your boldness we're sure there's one for you too! do you already have a favorite? @mandylikes is giving something to pout about shop @frankbod on morphe.com select morphe stores. so fresh and so clean. easily remove makeup impurities while prepping your skin for skincare with our hangover wash the day away cleanser! available @douglascosmetics. ohh that texture! now that we've got your attention, get 20 off @revolutionskincare for a limited time only at revolutionbeauty.com! ends 8am wednesday 19th august calming boost turmeric moisture cream supa and citrusy these ultra-pigmented orange sorbet are only around for a limited time go get em! available @ultabeauty @aseamaebeauty @bellasprague let new advanced night repair take over at night formulated to help maximize your skin's natural nighttime renewal, this powerful reduces the visible effects of late-night blue light. tap to shop! level up your highlight with our makeup setting spray dewy pro artist @makeupwithivan hits our california beamin' glow booster with a spritz for a blinding highlighter if our brows had feelings they’d be jealous @emmycombss creates her signature with cream-gel! line 'em up @maquillageitup snaps a close up of our new epic wear liner sticks $8 available online at nyxcosmetics.com 18 shades inspired by ocean vibes and earthy hues tap to shop our ultra-pigmented earth ocean eyeshadow palette now for $14! complete your hydra-light lip care collection with hydra-light smoothing lip scrub. natural sugars gently buff away dry skin, revealing smoother lips. formulated with mango butter, coconut oil, and infused with the flavor of juicy mango, the light-reflecting formula revitalizes lips after every use. fall-winter 2020 collection candeur et expérience act ii subversive pink eyes lined with impertinence. les 4 ombres 364 candeur et séduction stylo yeux waterproof 959 psyché @luciapicaofficial @vittoria get to know @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio as they create fun, low-key looks using our from the collection now restocked on morphe.com! @adele.v has us craving sweater weather with this fall inspired here are the deets: epic wear liner sticks in 'all-time olive’ ‘gold plated’ foil play cream pigment in 'pop quiz' dip, shape, go! longwear brow pomade in 'taupe' it’s your time to shine. plump up your lips with the juicy color mega moisture in our lip injection lip gloss! available in 16 high-shine creamy shimmer shades. meet the newest star in our brow collection: its 3-prong tip creates the perfect microfine, hair-like strokes! the sheer yet buildable ink formula comes in 4 flexible shades: blonde, light brown, medium brown deep brown! available for $25 at @sephora! changes our favorite color to chartreuse swatched here is our creamy epic wear liner stick in 'chartreuse flash' shop our full, longwear liner collection online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty one swipe sparkle for $5. get your bling on with our liquid glitter eyeshadows shade shown: bling bling. why we love them: long lasting, quick-drying gel-based formula formulated for comfortable wear and minimal fall out made with high-impact, multi-dimensional glitters and pearls tap to shop and explore all 11 shades on elfcosmetics.com brows on brows @browngirlesa is serving out-of-this-world orange in our galaxy chic palette that’s currently 65 off 18 baked shadows under $8 bucks smokin’ @emmachenartistry uses hoola toasted matte bronzer on @taylume to get this gorgeous makeup look! @revolvebeauty a perfect lightly tinted day cream for summer is our moisturizing skin tint. have you already tried it?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ we've extended 20 off skincare for another 24 hours! shop your @revolutionskincare must-haves with 20 off 'til 8am wednesday 19th august tag a friend that needs to know! what a show stopper @djensbeauty wears the forever flawless show stopper palette for this warm look djenaa also wears foundation relax, refresh and recharge! take a 15 minute break and pamper yourself with our replumping tissue mask! it's hydrating with an intense cooling sensation and features ultra-fine japanese cotton that perfectly moulds to the skin to smooth out even the finest lines. have you tried it yet? what are your plans for some qualitative personal me-time this summer? the addictive fragrance of the new sérum cicanuit will take you through an orchard of blooming flowers and dazzling citrus notes, giving you a sense of spring in a bottle! while healing your blonde during your sleep. nourishing and a natural finish for soft and optically fuller lips! check out our hydra care lipstick shades! hydra care lipstick n°46 relaxing oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ glowy realness glamby the talented @makeupbydossantos products used: @hudabeautyshop n.y.m.p.h all over face and body powder highlighter flora complexion perfection makeup pre base fauxfilter foundation 330n butter pecan tantour medium easy bake banana bread glow coco hydrating mist diamond lip balm negligee how stunning is @dhuratalipovica?? makeup done by the talented @sellmakasumoviq using nymph prisma all over body highlighter who's loving this look? @luciapicaofficial revisits her iconic les 4 ombres palette in two new pink harmonies. a version in which the colour, infused with yellow or violet pigments, wavers between satiny peach and wine-red, moving from shy to provocative. and a version injected with red to make pink insolent and subversive. les 4 ombres 364 candeur et séduction les 4 ombres 362 candeur et provocation les 4 ombres 268 candeur et expérience sunhat season isn't over yet! while tans may fade, you can bask in the of summer all year long with eau fraîche skinscent. creamy coconut pairs with the radiant warmth of amber, sandalwood and vanilla, giving you the scent of in a bottle. @annickcozic diormakeup beauty tips this summer, dior makeup presents its beauty tips with @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of diormakeup! play with makeup and discover easy makeup routines for summer! forever skin correct 0,5 n 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl waterproof 090 black a sun-kissed glow for every skin tone. discover the 5 shades of sunlit bronzer. tap to shop sunlit bronzers at @sephora. double boost! did you know that our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum contains 2 types of hyaluronic acids? macro hyaluronic acid intensively rehydrates and smooths the skin's surface. micro hyaluronic acid penetrates the skin to create a pumpling effect from within. fall-winter 2020 collection candeur et expérience act ii pink, the new red. les 4 ombres 364 candeur et séduction stylo yeux waterproof 959 psyché baume essentiel rosée rouge allure ink fusion 836 idyllique @luciapicaofficial @vittoria gorgeous @safai305 sculpts to perfection using our born this way super coverage concealer! she wears shades spiced rum, butterscotch to conceal, and sable to contour. mooood rn isn’t she sooo cute?! repost @meplusfashion step 1 to take your to is to primewhich extra clean formula is calling your name?! great for oily skin, helps quench dry skin or perfect to shine up dull skin?! the long-lasting liquid camouflage completely removes blemishes and gives your complexion a perfect finish of the highest flawlessness fully without mask effect.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ having issues with maskne? we’ve got you covered our acne fighting foundation is infused with salicylic acid, witch-hazel, camphor, tea tree, and soothing aloe to help fight blemishes. the lightweight formula provides full coverage to help even skin tone and reduce acne redness while working to help clear your skin. tap to shop for $6! get 20 off skincare! meet our brand new @revolutionskincare vitamin c drop, the must-have collection to help you achieve a brighter, more radiant complexion 20 vitamin c radiance serum⁣⁣ vitamin c brightening eye cream⁣⁣ vitamin c brightening cream cleanser⁣⁣ vitamin c radiance moisture cream⁣⁣ vitamin c brightening polisher⁣⁣ 20 off ends 8am wednesday 19th august tag a friend that needs to know! need a quick cover-up? we gotchu! prep with honey dew me up correct with ultimate shadow palette in 'phoenix' cover with can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation set with can't stop won't stop finishing powder channel the warmth of summer as we head into fall with lipstick in peerless 524. this warm, gorgeous nude proves that neutral shades can still bring the heat. back-2-school necessities: textbooks notebook pencils your fave products obviously checkout the back-2-school assortment at your local @walmart we've expanded! say babe to our newest member @sweetchefskincare introducing a veggie vitamin-infused skincare line, cooked up by the team behind @glowrecipe. inspired by the k-beauty double serum trend, sweet chef infuses skincare with the kind of skin-loving goodies you'd find in your local juice shop! is available now on morphe.com select morphe stores on 91 in good morning from the home office what’d you have for breakfast today?! going full circle w @oohweeeg @mrchrissapphire summer ready! flawless complexion and delicate eye makeup look, all you need for these summer days! forever skin correct 0,5 n 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl waterproof 090 black the most uplifting family have you tried our products containing hyaluronic acid? whatever method you prefer, we assure it will be hydrating and replumping. the replumping filler tissue mask the filler serum with 1.5 hyaluronic acid the 7-day cure replumping ampoules combine for a triple boost! soak up the last bits of summer with these peachy faves. if you had to pick one product for the summer, what would you choose? glow all day long! @jodiemoss is wearing the splendour bronzer heatwave palette from our glow collection the kind of message we love to receive! thank you all for your trust and love for have you dared to sleep your way into a healthy blonde hair yet? if so, don’t forget to tell us all about your dreams in the comments down below! and don’t forget to leave a comment and review on our website pop quiz! is this a vibrant summer fruit salad or the key ingredients of our poreless skincare collection? actually, it's both! the exfoliating superfruits in our formulas have glycolic, tartaric, lactic and citric acids to help minimize the look of pores. shop the entire collection at @ultabeauty watch till the end @suvabeauty's mix cake hydra liner is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores only! brow checkkk set your brows for an all day slay using america's fave, makeup setting spray matte pro artist @alexandriamariee uses our micro brow pencil followed by a quick spritz for a snatched look the new shade of rouge coco flash 132 flushed from the fall-winter 2020 collection. a warm and luminous pink lip colour. a deep, intense and ultra-shiny shade. silky, satiny, sugary lips. @luciapicaofficial what products do you keep in your makeup bag season after season? to effortlessly take your from summer to fall, we recommend these transitional lipstick in discreet 160 lip repair potion stay-in-place makeup in 4w2 toasty toffee glowing @prettywithlee uses our brand new releases of the season. available now on elfcosmetics.com products featured: superbrighten peel pads face oil mist in restoring stay all night setting spray poreless putty primer bite-size face duo in shade spiced apple liquid glitter eyeshadow in shade pinky swear ride or die lip balm in shade just peachy we double dare you to revel in the rainbow spirit of our iconic take me back to brazil palette full of dazzling pressed pigments in ultra-bright shades we take our jobs very seriously she's glossy @makeupbyflavia plumps up her pout with our filler instinct plumping lip polish in 'let's glaze' shade restock alert! is a light and hydrating tint that melts into skin to provide buildable, sheer to medium coverage head on over to morphe.com to use our hint hint skin tint shade finder! hydra-light smoothing lip scrub is infused with hyaluronic acid and uses natural sugars to gently exfoliate and smooth lips. swipe on a hit of hydration with our new filler instinct plumping lip color in ‘miami nights’ take your pout to the max our lip injection maximum plump formula is so powerfully effective, it's not for plumping rookies! introducing e.l.f. icon 14 of 16 our monochromatic multi sticks! why it's an icon: blendable cream-to-powder stick can be used on your eyes, lips and cheeks shimmery, luxurious formula provides a cohesive, monochromatic look perfect for touch-ups on the go $4 anna wears shade glimmering guava shades: dazzling peony, glimmering guava, bronzed cherry, glowing mango, sparkling rose, glistening peach, luminous berry, radiant bronze. explore all shades on elfcosmetics.com this setup what’s the last product you used on your face?! @missglamerika @leesondra completes this shimmery slay with our filler instinct plumping lip color in 'beach casual' don't be thirsty in this heat wave just a spritz of our extra-clean hydrating spray will have you looking dewy fresh all day long mesmerizing check out our new in action as @shine.shadows creates the most realistic looking brow! excellent wearing comfort combined with beautiful color and care. our hydra lip booster is an absolute must-have!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra lip booster n°40 translucent cryptal bud⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ it's time for a sale for a limited time only, get up to 50 off when you shop @revolutionskincare, @iheartrevolution, @revolutionpro @makeupobsession at revolutionbeauty.com! what's on your list? exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com. get your glow on! introducing shake glow luminous setting spray! enriched with and for long-lasting hydration and a refreshing cooling sensation are you ready to glow all summer? summer checklist basque in sun. baume essentiel in golden light. a moisturizing, light-reflecting balm for face, eyes and lips gives a sun-kissed glow. @mulanbae neon dreamin' shop up to 50 off our viva neon palettes now from £3€4$4.50! exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com those are stunning “have y’all tried the mascara from @hudabeauty it’s amazing you guys! i have little short sparse lashes so i’m always looking for extra volume! this mascara is it! not only does it give me the volume i want, it builds beautifully, it’s really black and best of all it doesn’t flake! @rosebeautym gorgeous looks from the talented @amelia.szczepaniak which look is your fav? 1,2, or 3? video @hudabeautyshop @hudabeautyshop coconut flakes @hudabeautyshop in fair @hudabeauty golden sands @hudabeauty staycation video v.i. pink, french lace and libra @hudabeautyshop coconut flakes in fair pound cake video in fair banana bread @hudabeautyshop lip strobe in mystical prep your skin while giving it glow with the illuminator radiant this perfecting face primer creates a luminous base for makeup application. here, the illuminator radiant primer is paired with stay-in-place makeup in 6c2 pecan and double wear radiant concealer in 6n. luminous complexion and bold red lips: the perfect match for your summer days and nights get the look! dior forever 2n dior lip glow 001 pink rouge dior 999 prime your lids with a wash of soft green, then set it off with the twinkling topper. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended liquid for multiple looks. shown here in dusk, an olive green primer with golden shimmer topper let your light shine! i woke up like this! yes, that's how our shake glow luminous setting spray will make you feel! get a healthy glowing complexion in an instant for up to 24 hours. it's also infused with vitamin e to help protect, care and condition skin. summer checklist show some skin. ombre premiere crème in ultra flesh. a cream texture that melts into the eyelid and dresses the eyes in a luminous pink-nude shade. @lilystewart in there like skincare! stock up on @revolutionskincare with up to 50 off in our revolutionbeauty.com sale! tag a skinthusiast that needs to know our to surviving summer heat. stay matte all day with our oil-free, sweat-resistant, humidity-resistant 24-hour born this way matte foundation. tap to shop! @sephora you’re late to your zoom meeting quick! which product are you putting on? @bethelight81 @mmmmitchell is giving us all them angles congrats to our winners: @mrsdwithglee and @jessdreamss in honor of our 16th birthday this month we’ve partnered with the best cupcake company in the game @georgetowncupcake to give away an e.l.f.ing amazing birthday prize pack! 2 lucky winner’s will receive: $100 gift card to georgetown cupcake can be used online for store pick-up, delivery, or nationwide shipping $100 gift card to elfcosmetics.com! rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @georgetowncupcake [2] like this post [3] tag two friends in the comments bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends august 24th at 9am pt. no purchase necessary. open to us resident only -18. two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. the prettiest shades we ever did see. love mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick’s wearable color and moisturizing formula for low-key summer days. @shamelesslydia is our stunning scene queen in the standout midnight festival shadow palette use her exclusive code: shameless for 10 off sitewide sweet mischievous say yes to a perfect marriage of blush and highlight with the @sanrio my melody kuromi blushlighter palette. no compromises here just pure blissful pigment our color booster lip balm is super nourishing and has just a subtle lightweight color perfect for everyone who prefers a natural make-up for everyday! let us put you onto pro artist @beccalynzmua's glossy nude combo slim lip pencil in 'espresso' shout loud satin lipstick in 'a la mode' butter gloss in ''madeline' a drop of glow get ready for a seamless blend with glow mon amour highlighting drops. it's the perfect highlight for your 'no-makeup' makeup look! available in two super-silky shades: a beaming peach and a lustrous pearly champagne. go get that glow! the sweet scent of celebration! @aerin’s new luminous, fruity floral fragrance captures the essence of the peony as it blooms. this joyful, luscious evokes the sweetness of summer dreams. extra juicy our babe @rebellebeautyx shows off our lip injection lip gloss shade on blast. give a glowsome welcome to our latest addition to the @patchology introducing a skincare brand that delivers at the speed of you with the best ingredients. is available now on morphe.com select morphe stores on 91 in @karlatobie completes this casual slay with a swipe of butter gloss in 'madeline' what lippie is your treat your blonde with the same care you provide to your skin! introducing the newest adition to keep your hair healthy and always on point! the sérum is your night time blonde best friend to heal your hair while you are dreaming! you dare, we care even when you’re sleeping! make your blonde dream come true. our satin-finish flawless concealer provides natural coverage for your no-makeup, makeup look. infused with squalane to help moisturize and nourish the skin for lasting hydration. available in 18 shades for $5. tap to shop! @pinkssxox took and gave it a hint. tint. glow. save money, honey! our revolution x roxxsaurus collab is now in our up to 50 off sale! swipe for a closer look at the colour burst eyeshadow palette, ride or die eyeshadow palette highlight contour palette get a luminous face and colorful lips with the dior makeup summer essentials! don't forget to take your jewels and mitzah for the perfect summer look! dior forever 2n dior lip glow 001 pink rouge dior 999 closed have you met america's setting spray? we're treating lucky beauties to our makeup setting spray pr box! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on august 19, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on august 20, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. for complete rules: https:bit.ly31ab9vf too glowing to resist! use the highly pigmented liquid illuminator highlighting drops for a luminous look. usage depends on how glowing you wanna feel today: use under your foundation for a natural-looking glow, mixed with your foundation, primer or moisturizer to add radiance. use alone for a highlight that really stands out! we're on a quest to give you beautiful skin, and to bring the fun while we're at it! visit the link in our bio to be transported to the anrcade: a gaming world inspired by the new were you lucky enough to lick up those sold out pistachio, bubble gum and orange sorbet palettes?! tag us in your delectable looks and bag the rest of the collection before it's gone real hot girl brows @shalomblac slayed this transformation using the 24-hr microbladed effect is sweat-proof smudge-proof! snatch slay @makeupbymissevelyn completes this bronzed glam using our micro brow pencil in 'espresso' butter gloss in 'madeline' this multi-tasking mousse gives you that perfect, buildable wash of color on your cheeks lips with just one swipe now back in stock on morphe.com! play up your eyes with defined, natural-looking lashes. artistry by @hungvanngo using lengthening and curling mascara on @alissasugawara. check out hung’s youtube channel for the full tutorial. link in his bio. we've got your full eye look on lock. our best-selling under eye brightening corrector brightens the under eye area with light-reflecting illuminators. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended liquid eyeshadow with a long-wear pigmented primer a twinkling topper for multiple looks. @chloeandcosmetics is inspired by @amythedutchess @pinkishpiendel completes this shimmery with a gorg, groomed brow using our control freak eyebrow gel @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio's favorite shade of our is back in stock on morphe.com! check out these nudes enhance your eye glam with the sultry metallic, shimmer, and sparkle shades in our born this way eye shadow palette. stock up @macys a natural eye perfect for day or night @anknook is wearing our bite-size eyeshadow in cream sugar, carnival candy and truffles topped with our liquid glitter eyeshadow in shade flirty birdy do you recognize this iconic mascara?! 10 points if you get it right in the comments hi brows! @rafeekalove slays fluffed, yet defined brows using our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil in 'espresso' what''s been your go-to brow product for snatched arches? mark those calendars the limited-edition 9 piece brush set bag drops tomorrow at noon pst, only on our site who's gonna be first to snag?!?!! this look is iconic @kandeejohnson gets these perfect brows with you heard it here first! the wild animal palettes are all half price in our sale! who is going to get their claws on 1 or maybe 3? exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com you heard it here first! the wild animal palettes are all half price in our sale! who is going to get their claws on 1 or maybe 3? exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com you glow, girl! meet our 1st glow enhancing lotion infused with watermelon for an all over fresh natural-looking glow. the beautifying pearlescent formula helps keep skin hydrated for up to 24 hours. small skin imperfections e.g. scars, redness can be ideally covered with our camouflage stick. its fine tip enables precise correction and the waterproof effect guarantees you a long-lasting finish.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this look shop the revolution x @thealexisstone the instinct eyeshadow palette with 30 off in the revolutionbeauty.com sale @nimajoanna stunning! @lateeshamakeup wearing mascara makeup deets concealer mascara @hudabeautyshop legit lashes double ended mascara lipstick lipstick in anniversary good skin, takes good skin care and attention! i have noticed such a difference from following a strict routine and honey balm has helped me lock my skincare in place and leave my skin hydrated like no other! this is the order i apply my products in after cleansing with 1. exfoliatescrub: daily 2. toner: @pixibeauty glow tonic 3. essence: @tatcha the essence 4. mask: 5. serum: @cosrx serum 6. oil: rose oil 7. balm: jelly moisturizer to lock-in moisture --wipe your hands clean from the oil before the next step-- 8. eye creamgel --love finishing off my nighttime routine with a facial spraymist-- questions? leave them below angels! if you have sensitive skin, please yo glow 1-2 x per week my loves, i apply my eye creams to my lids, so i do this as my last step, but if you focus your eye cream on your under eyes, do this after your serum step glow like never before! revive your skin's radiance with our enhancer lotion! infused with watermelon, skin instantly appears healthier and imperfections are covered. it's available in 4 shades: porcelain glow light glow medium glow deep glow diormakeup beauty tips 3 simples steps to get the perfect flawless complexion and the irresistible iconic 999 red lips! do it yourself! dior forever 2n dior lip glow 001 pink rouge dior 999 join us at 3pm est today for a live event featuring @thepatriciabright! on esteelauder.com, patricia will be sharing her secrets to perfect your nighttime routine and capture radiant skin, featuring new make a skinvestment and tune in, because radiant skin is always in! link in bio to tune in! cool for the summer. zero no pigment foundation feels like a splash of cool water on skin. perfect to smooth and blur while letting your skin breathe during these hot summer months. run, don’t walk! our ultra-hydrating nourishing hangover pillow balm is back in stock on toofaced.com. get it while you can! you guys know i have been a long time fan of shaving my face which is similar to dermaplanning but needs to be done by a professional. who has tried both which do you like better? check out our igs for more info on dermaplanning. video credit @theaesthetician exfoliates the skin while removing vellus hair peach fuzz that doesn’t grow back darkerthicker. ⁣⁣it allows makeup to go on smoothly and skincare products to penetrate better summer checklist discover a new passion. stylo yeux waterproof in fervent blue. a waterproof, smudge-proof eyeliner in a vibrant electric blue for statement-making eyes. @mayowanicholas kits to match your e.l.f.ing mood we've curated three kits that focus on each aspect of your routine! feel your e.l.f. kit: poreless putty primer, monochromatic multi stick in sparkling rose and total face sponge. speak for your e.l.f. kit: liquid matte lipstick in shade praline and prismatic lip gloss in shade rose quartz. me, my e.l.f. and eye kit: clear brow lash mascara, no budge retractable eyeliner in black, rose gold eyeshadow palette in nude. explore more on elfcosmetics.com -free shipping on orders do you prefer or softly awaken your complexion with our scented blush powders and for a rich color pay-off and long-lasting results. for the ultimate sensorial experience, added a watermelon and juicy peach scent to each blusher. “i choose one night a week ideally to organize for myself a true bath ceremony at home. taking a bath, candles lit, bath salts, my ultimate diamond revitalizing mask noir on throughout the whole experience and a calming playlist in the background. that is a true luxury that i allow myself whenever i can because it really helps me reset.” @biancabrandolini the brush set will be here at 12pm pst⁣⁣⠀ to @nazaninkavari, these incredible brushes are a symbol of her immigrant family's dreams and achievements: every time you use them, i want you to know that anything you put your mind to is possible! from a small-town girl in ohio to collaborating with a major beauty brand, i am proof of that. a lil leopard moment @chassydimitra wears our bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer bare with me cannabis multitasking spray as a base for this fierce, pastel hi @soukeyna do you want the perfect glossy pout? then shop our lip vinyls 20 off in our sale! an ultra-smooth vinyl finish available in 12 shades collect them all whilst you can!⁣ exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com. backlight priming filter primes with an optical pearl blend to instantly give skin dimension and a lit-from-within glow available at @nordstrom during their anniversary event. one day only get our bestselling volumizing brow gel for 30 off at @nordstrom! the crown jewel of brow gels, gimme brow tints, tames volumizes for fuller-looking brows! @subjectobjectmanifest wings up with @nessaaag get your perfect wing with our breakup proof liquid eyeliner, glides on smoothly for easy application get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com surprise!! it's a another giveaway with 2x the fun! celebrate the iconic @sanrio friendship with our exclusive my melody kuromi x wet n wild pr box! three incredibly lucky winners will receive the complete limited edition collection! enter in the comments below for your chance to win! rules: follow @wetnwildbeauty and @sanrio on ig tag at least one my melody or kuromi in your life like this post live in the us enter as many times as you'd like contest runs through midnight on tuesday, august 25 at 11:59 pm pst winners will be dm'd and announced in our stories on thursday, august 27. must be 18 years or older to participate @autumn.nicole.artistry recreates the dc character mera’s mermaid lewk! pov: you’re the mirror watching us get ready this morning a lil always puts us in a good mood! blonding has no limits when you have the right hair care routine to preserve the health of your hair! dare to go blonde as @emrata did get ready to pamper your pout w moringa, jojoba, and coconut oil all while delivering a sheer wash of color make a statement with our new, limited-edition brush set a luxe collection of vegan face and eye brushes plus a sleek makeup bag created by @nazaninkavari only on our site for a limited time! coat your lashes with our two mascara must-haves. velvet noir features a lash-maximizing, curvy wand to add major volume. at lash’d has a wavy-bristled wand with a tapered tip designed to define each lash. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. rich in colour. rich in life @palaksmakeup wears the rich in colour palette and we are here for it if you're reading this, it's a sign to wash your makeup brushes meet your new glow routine! follow each step carefully to achieve a natural, radiant complexion perfect for all the sunny days ahead! renew rebalance replenish. skin activating treatment lotion treats dryness dehydration to soothe troubled skin get your glow back! experience the micro yet mighty power of our essence-in-lotion: tap to shop! @j2woo giveaway alert!! winners have been contacted via dm we are so excited to partner with our babes @boxycharm to give three lucky winners everything in this photo! prize pack includes: born this way eye shadow palette, turn up the light highlighting palette, hangover primer, better than sex mascara, mr. perfect foundation brush, mr. right 5 piece brush set, mr. chiseled contour brush, and a 6 month free subscription to @boxycharm!⁣⁣ how to enter:⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣ follow @toofaced and @boxycharm⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣ us can only giveaway ends 827 the winners will be contacted via dm. good luck! take your pick! our best-selling putty primers have the ultimate skin perfecting formula. poreless putty primer perfect for those who want a poreless, flawless finish⁣⁣ matte putty primer perfect for those who want a shine-free matte complexion⁣⁣ luminous putty primer perfect for those who want a radiant, glowing complexion⁣⁣ tap for shop for $8 ing amazing can your makeup do this? complexion rescue tinted moisturizer combines buildable coverage, mineral-based spf and hydrating skincare benefits in one magical product. get your own in the @sephora exclusive 3-piece kit only $37 $57 value. no-sweat summer giveaway! 19 of you will win a benefit beach bag our newest launch: make a splash with our waterproof essentials for a super hot summer look! how to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics like this post tag 3 of your besties in the comments @benefitcosmetics! for extra entries: share the post to your ig stories comment a on our most recent posts! giveaway ends august 21, 2020, at 11:59 pm pt. good luck! rules bit.ly3ixz010 hey puddin’ who's excited for this weekend? we're celebrating this epic global event by sharing our fave looks from our 2018 collab! here's how pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry transforms herself into harley quinn: ultimate shadow palette in ‘brights’ epic wear liner sticks in ‘pitch black’ epic ink liner on the rise volume liftscara dazed diffused blurring lipstick lipstick in ‘day drink’ no badges. no fees. no lines. check out this saturday only at http:dcfandome.com ultimate lipstick love is housed in a luxe lipstick case with a secure magnetic closure that snaps shut with a satisfying click every time. ultimate lipstick love is an instantly moisturizing lipstick for pure colour in one swipe, infused with hyaluronic acid to hydrate. @aimee.k channels her inner superhero with this bold she uses our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' epic ink liner to get the look! saves under glam inspo @makeupbygriselda is flawless in our born this way matte foundation shade praiine! she also wears our hangover primer, born this way super coverage concealer shade natural beige to highlight toffee to contour, setting powder, powder foundation and hangover setting spray. introducing e.l.f. icon 15 of 16 our instant lift brow pencil! brows in america! why it's an icon: shapes, defines, and fills in brows for a natural, polished look dual-sided design applies color with the fine tip liner tames and combs brows with the other available in 6 shades only $2! find your perfect shade blonde: for light to strawberry blonde hair taupe: for blonde to light brown hair auburn: for red to brown hair neutral brown: for medium brown hair deep brown: for dark brown to black hair black: for deep black hair brows in america average unit sales rate and average dollar sales rate calculation based on nielsen u.s. xaoc, primer segment unit sales, 52 wks ended 4182020 @styledbyhrush is serving us pink glam watch her full tutorial over on her youtube channel ridin' thru this wave @itsashleygram completes this graphic with our jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' what's your fave way to use this og goodie? who's getting their glam on with the limited-edition brush set?! these essentials are everything you need to create flawless full-face looks the perfect pair for easy, clean eyebrows: goof proof eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black boi-ing cakeless concealer 7 medium warm! @chellylovesmakeup91 sun, sand a cocktail in hand… can’t forget that tan! drop a if you’re ready for the weekend! head to ig stories for a fakeation makeup tutorial with chief beauty ambassador @anniefd! our artdecobeauty @karo.cerni creates her favorite summer look in blue how do you like the blue eyeliner?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ honey balm has launched in stores everywhere!! can't wait for you guys to try it! repost @wishfulskin i have been obsessed with putting honey balm eeeeverywhere!!! no photoshop, no effects, only honey balm!!!!! on my face decolletage @huda show us your honey balm selfies my loves repost @wishfulskin a little about our formula: honey: add lock in moisture, also soothes skin niacinamide: visibly reduces pore size uneven skin tone turmeric root extract: soothes skin, reduces dark spots evens skin tone lavender oil: calms, soothes relaxes now available at @sephora dream kiss @tessalovesmakeupp uses dream kiss overnight lip mask in watermelon for hydrated and nourished luscious lips this lip mask contains hyaluronic, jojoba oil, shea butter and vitamin e for intense hydration perfect date night makeup by the gorgeous @komunikatywnie e y e s: @hudabeauty @hudabeautyshop nude obsession light palette @hudabeauty mascara l i p s: @hudabeauty silk balm @hudabeautyshop matte lipstick in shade spring break f a c e: @wishfulskin honey balm @hudabeauty foundation 240n @hudabeauty concealer in nougat @hudabeauty tantour in shade fair @hudabeauty powder in shade pound cake @hudabeauty nymph all over highlighter in shade flora @hudabeauty glow coco hydrating mist what about wearing berry lips? enjoy an even color on your lips while nourishing them thanks to its ingredients.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°04 bilberry oasis diormakeup beauty tips discover how to get a full summer makeup look with an easy 4-step routine! luminous matte complexion, defined eye-look and plump pink lips dior forever 9n diorshow on stage liner 091 matte black diorshow pump'n'volume waterproof 090 black pump dior lip glow oil 001 pink when it comes to color, why be shy? recreate the look with these products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint foundation n°32 cool cashew⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ highlighter powder compact⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bronzing powder compact⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ twist for volume mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows: n°512, n°29, n°82, n°02⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°915 pink peony⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @claudiaymisiak⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographyretouch: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ a lil' blue look @hijabydiva uses our fave wild animal integrity eyeshadow palette now half price in the revolution beauty.com sale! was: £10€11.99$15.00. now: £5€6.00$7.50 how do you use new whether it’s a drop in your foundation for customized coverage, or a part of your morning routine to help protect your skin from pollution with 8-hour antioxidant power leave a comment below on how you use new advanced night repairwhich makes you a part of @dazzedgoddess is our neon green bb in a punch of super-pigmented take me back to brazil shadow express your uniqueness! it's time for you to get creative with our eyeliners! available in 5 stunning shades to bring out your natural eye color with a formula that is 24hr long-lasting, transfer-proof and waterproof. stock up on all your faves, babe our end of summer sale is happening now head over to toofaced.com to shop the sale and get up to 75 off! tag a bff who won't want to miss this! good vibes only @missglamerika gets up close and personal with the forever flawless chilled eyeshadow palette with cannabis sativa the calming setting spray with cannabis sativa how we're going to feel this weekend when we step out into the sun covered in clean, mineral-based spf. @missglowwgetter gotta glow? we got you. our you dew you kit includes all the e.l.f. essentials to create a summertime look kit includes: eye putty primer: color intensifying eye primer that locks in eyeshadow for a crease-proof look! liquid glitter eyeshadow: formulated for comfortable wear and minimal fall out, this liquid eyeshadow delivers high-impact, multi-dimensional glitters and pearls in a quick-drying gel base. h2o proof eyeliner pen: easily creates thin or thick lines with intense color. quick-dry, smudge proof and instantly enhances the lash line with long lasting color. social butterfly faux mink lashes: gives you 3d volume for multi-dimensional length and dramatic eye looks. metallic flare highlighter: multidimensional, high-luster glow highlighter lip lacquer: formulated with vitamin e. wear it alone or layered over lipstick for a bold lip statement. dewy coconut setting mist: achieve a healthy-looking glow with this coconut infused setting mist. gives your makeup lasting power that hydrates and conditions the skin. packaging may vary. click on the to shop we’re drawing the line at lines. did you know, after just three weeks of using new lines and wrinkles appear reduced? tap to shop and join to see for yourself! @jennalwrobbins @penelopeobeso is ready for the weekend in her dewy foundation products used: jungle rock shadow palette, bad bitch lift mascara, mega liquid liner bretman rock loose highlighter duo get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com giveaway closed congrats @chocolatey.chips! thank you to everyone who participated! one lucky winner will win everything from our latest addition to the @sweetchefskincare what you'll win: kale vitamin b serum shot ginger vitamin c serum shot beet vitamin a serum shot ginger vitamin c fresh pressed sheet mask beet vitamin a fresh pressed sheet mask superfood vitamins moisture boost turmeric vitamin c booster eye cream oat milk latte cleanser how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @sweetchefskincare⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: favorite vegetable? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 82420 at 11:59 pm pst. winner will be announced on this post and dm'd on 82520. how about a dreamy pink make up with gorgeous glow? products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°99 first love⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°27 brilliant shell⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ highlighter powder compact⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hot chili lip booster⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographymake-up: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ who loves a precise wing? our epic ink liner brings the pigment not to mention, she's waterproof and this is why is mic drop @sakimakeupartist uses our bestselling eyebrow pencil in shade 4! only 5 mineral ingredients for a flawless all-over glow. did we mention it also promotes clearer, healthier-looking skin over time?. pick up an original foundation @ultabeauty and get an exclusive free gift today only!. head to the to learn more. member maggie turner shares everything you need to know about this key part of your including our new shop now: face serum: https:estee.cm32e4dwv ultimate diamond transformative energy dual infusion: https:estee.cm3j2z1w4 rapid firm lift treatment: https:estee.cm3hdccok eye concentrate matrix: https:estee.cm34m3c8g eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm2edqjt9 skin activating treatment lotion: https:estee.cm3gjurw6 revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm31hxcjv a radiant complexion, a defined eyeliner and shiny lips are a winning combo to look stunning for summertime dior forever 9n diorshow on stage liner 091 matte black diorshow pump'n'volume waterproof 090 black pump dior lip glow oil 001 pink meow, this look is just purrrfect counting down the hours until tomorrow to celebrate this fan-first global event, we're pullin' out some of the looks from our 2018 collab! pro artist @alexandriamariee slays this catwoman transformation using: ultimate shadow palette in ‘phoenix’ epic wear liner sticks in ‘pitch black’ epic ink liner jumbo eye pencil in ‘black bean’ face body glitter in ‘ice’ no badges. no fees. no lines. check out this saturday only at http:dcfandome.com @alishylishy giving us all the summer feels. raise a hand if you'd rather be poolside this weekend. we love this! @pinar.ozgural is wearing our revolution x sebile day 2 day eyeshadow palette in this look! shop this eyeshadow palette for half price in our sale now! exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com⁣ your night bestfriends to make your dream hair come true! the sérum cicanuit is your bedtime blonde best friend. designed for all types of blonde, cicanuit's rich formula has the highest concentration of hyaluronic acid that will act by deeply repairing and hydrating your lengths to erase up to 55 of bleach damage. the 8h magic night serum beauty formula treats all intensities of dry hair for a long lasting nourishment! enriched with a 5 nutrients blend and iris root wake up to a soft and fluid hair! find out which night serum is most adapted for your night time hair care routine by doing an online diagnosis at www.kerastase.com or visiting the nearest kérastase salon. @jaikaoir is setting that friday mood right sheer tint for kissable lips @hazelmaven uses our ride or die lip balm in shade boss berry for ultimate hydrated and plumped lips. why we love it: -delicious berry scent -infused with jojoba oil and vegan collagen -repairs dry lips -adds a sheer wash of red berry color tap to shop for $5! the squad's all here finish off your fave routine with a few spritzes of ultra-refreshing paradise face mist to take your looks on a one-way trip to @trendmood1 if only we could put on a full face in 15 seconds how long is your tutorial by pro artist @andreasantiago consider this your daily reminder to stay hydrated! try primer your skin will sip it right up! smile who is your favorite superhero from the dc multiverse? we can't get enough of the joker pro artist @mainmua channels his inner joker using some of our holy grails. jumbo eye pencil in ‘milk’ highlight contour pro palette jumbo eye pencil in ‘black bean’ ultimate shadow palette in ‘phoenix’ epic wear liner sticks in ‘pitch black’ suede matte lipstick in ‘spicy’ no badges. no fees. no lines. check out this saturday only at http:dcfandome.com ignite liquified light highlighter is an all-over pearlized glow, available in 5 shades for any skin tone. infused with an energizing fragrance blend, the moisturizing formula and uplifting scent provide a multisensory experience that ignites optimism and lights you up from the outside in, inside out. don't mind us, we'll be watching these swatches on repeat @trendmood1 feelin' envious of this green @lazybonesbeauty gets the look with our bare with me cannabis brow setter micro brow pencil in 'espresso' epic ink liner @shamelesslydia is wingin' it in this major-drama eye, offset by a soft flush from our bellini blush palette stacked high and packed with pigment our bite size eyeshadows have a luxe formula that is creamy, blendable, ultra-pigmented. tap to shop our pocket-sized palettes for $3! @veraciousreviews oil-free⁣ 24-hour coverage⁣ waterproof⁣ sweat-resistant⁣ transfer-resistant⁣ tap to shop our born this way matte foundation @sephora! why so serious? this look from @oceanedrtmua has us ready for tomorrow! no badges. no fees. no lines. only at http:dcfandome.com we’ve officially arrived in the czech republic! starting today, shop all things at @sephoraczechrepublic. all you need in your bag this summer! get the perfect summer makeup look with these dior makeup essentials! dior forever 9n diorshow on stage liner 091 matte black diorshow pump'n'volume waterproof 090 black pump dior lip glow oil 001 pink the perfect brow every time! @ashleybias uses our new in shade deep brown to get the perfect finishing touch on her brows! 24-hr microbladed effect waterproof smudge-proof painappointments new is the thing your brows have been waiting for! get it now for $25 at @ultabeauty make dark circles, lines and wrinkles disappear reliably with our popular long-wear concealer or perfect teint concealer.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ it's been 1 week since we launched our new superdewy tinted moisturiser 12 shades our first lightweight true-to-skin formula perfect for those no makeup, makeup days let us know what you think in the comments!⁣ plus you can still save 20 off when you buy 3 or more products from superdewy collection at revolutionbeauty.com⁣ glossy natural get an ultra glossy, natural look with the this hair color treatment is perfect for you who have not colored before and want the result to be as natural as possible. woah! these shades! look and feel flawless with the forever flawless allure palette. with 18 matte, shimmer and marbled pressed glitter eyeshadows, you’ll be spoilt for choice! who has got this palette in their makeup bag?⁣ feeling more like a no-makeup makeup look this summer? a simple touch on your lips to hydrate them and make them shine: all you need for this summer! dior lip sugar scrub dior lip glow 001 pink dior lip maximizer 001 pink our camouflage cream has a very strong coverage and is very durable even at high temperatures perfect for special occasions during summer. welcome to the future of skincare: new advanced night repair! first invented in 1982, our number one just got even better with new fast repair. leave a if you can’t wait to try new cool off after your workout with zero no pigment virtual foundation. infused with hyaluronic acid, the silicone-free formula feels like a refreshing splash of cold water, cooling on contact. unconditioning color love ensure a great color experience with our pleasant-smelling color don't miss out on: a natural and glossy result optimal grey hair coverage soft and voluptuous hair omg @iluvsarahii is servin' up this look wearing our born this way super coverage concealer shade almond. sheer slick for juicy, summertime lips our silky smooth sheer slick lipsticks will melt into your pout leaving you with a sheer wash of color and a hydrated feel. tap to shop all 8 shades- $5 this is our bff! brow friends forever! our daily must-have for brows that won’t budge the revolution soap styler makeuprevolution @dendoll shows us her favorite way to create a soft, sultry eye. check out the whole tutorial on our igtv. complexion rescue hydrating foundation stick spf 25 merielle's shade is cashew barepro glow highlighter in shade free endless summer bronzer in shade warmth gen nude powder brush in shade that peach tho strength length brow gel merielle's shade is coffee gen nude eyeshadow palette in copper strength length serum-infused mascara mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick in shade grace the future of your skin is in your hands with new advanced night repair! the same beloved oil-free texture, with new skin-sational benefits: strengthens skin barrier in just 4 hours 8-hour anti-oxidant power 72-hour hydration with tap to shop new now! grab 50 off everything @jaclynhillcosmetics for that extra glow on morphe.com! bring the summer heat with 40 off sitewide using the code summertime perfect time to stock on your favorite get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com go ahead and give us a twirl it simply doesn't get sweeter than the one-swipe pigment of these cotton candy swatches still available for a limited time on our site! @allthingsmakeup99 babe in soft glam @itsmyrayeraye uses bronzer to perfect her makeup look! go for lashes that look longer, lifted, and ultra-defined. shop at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. keepin' it juicy our mouths are watering over this swatch of our butter gloss in 'summer fruit' cancels all plans to attend visit dcfandome.com today to experience all things dc.@nikki.paint turns herself into poison ivy using our epic ink liner suede matte lipstick in spicy looking for a glossy change? whatever you're looking for, a total change or a subtle boost in color, is for you. it adds some healthy, shimmering shine and offers a natural finish. the formula is free of ammonia and leaves your hair satin-soft! talk about a haul which too faced products are you reaching for this weekend? @themakeupshopaholic triple care effect as well as a gorgeous color in just one lipstick: our hydra care lipstick n°46 relaxing oasis. looking for perfect hydrated and plumpy lips this summer? here is a 3-step routine for sublimated lips all summer long first, exfoliate them with the dior lip sugar scrub, then hydrate them with the dior lip glow and finally for even more shine, apply the dior lip maximizer! dior lip sugar scrub dior lip glow 001 pink dior lip maximizer 001 pink green goddess @beatbychristina is showing us how it's done in the eye-conic neons from our take me back to brazil palette start your weekend right by caring for your hair. @sindiarifi has recently joined the blonde club, can you guess her day night hair care routine? @sweetchefskincare's oat milk latte cleanser gently cleanses your skin while effectively removing makeup and impurities benefits hyaluronic acid to instantly hydrate⁣ oat milk to nourish dehydrated skin⁣ vitamin b12 to support skin barrier health⁣ is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores on 91 in we got that waterproof all-day pencil. and that’s why we’re breakup proof get it @walmart @target @amazon @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @chloeybeauty creates this perfect pop art lippie using our white liquid liner matte liquid liner introducing e.l.f. icon 16 of 16 our total face sponge! why it's an icon: multi-sided, latex-free sponge has angled sides for illuminating highlight and rounded sides for flawless blending works with liquid or powder makeup products $5! tap to shop! bold lashes, effortless style. @alvinabokhari shows off long, defined lashes with at lash’d mascara. shop at @sephora, @harveynichols and marcjacobsbeauty.com. vibe check: tell us how you’re feeling today using emojis! has us channeling our inner catwoman! @annabaxtermakeup uses our liquid suede cream lipstick in 'stone fox' to create this iconic look visit dcfandome.com today for all things dc @lilybeauty serves us sunset vibes shop thejust a dream viva eyeshadow palette for only £4.20€5.59$6.30 was £6$9€7.99 in the revolutionbeauty.com sale lengthening and curling mascara is the new gold standard of lashes. enriched with lash conditioners, our vegan flake- and smudge-resistant formula is lightweight and buildable without making lashes look crunchy or clumpy. up close and here for the fantasy @makeupbylousims in action: packed with plumping new advanced night repair hydrates for 72 hours, boosting skin’s bounce. after 1 bottle, 89 of women agreed skin felt firmer. 1.7 oz. bottle consumer testing on 543 women. kali spills the tea on her full coverage makeup routine. this is what you'll need: pore filler can't stop won't stop foundation can't stop won't stop concealer can't stop won't stop setting powder on the rise volume liftscara shout loud satin lipstick the red lip that says it all. what's your favorite red lip colour? tell us in the comments. @sosodoesmakeup is wearing ultimate lipstick love in tangy, a warm true red. hurts so good get hydrated, nourished, and intensely plump lips with our lip injection maximum plump. @makeupemalii tells us her when i was first starting to purchase makeup products and they were one of the most affordable brands! share your for a chance to win a spot on our pr list for a year! products featured: -poreless putty primer -16hr camo concealer in medium peach deep chestnut -halo glow setting powder -facial oil mist in restoring -liquid glitter eyeshadow in mermaid shimmy -ride or die lip balm in mighty mint -lip exfoliator in coconut @musingmua's bold liner is giving us life she wears our epic ink liner micro brow pencil in 'black' can't stop won't stop foundation to get the look take a dip... the water's always justtt rightttt with paradise refresh face mist by your side snag this vegan delight on our site or @beautybaycom she said the brow authority when @mikaylajmakeup wants a fluffy brow look fast, she uses new volumizing brow gel! pop quiz: which brow products are missing from this lineup?! hint: one is brand new! our weekend saviour! the superdewy makeup serum is the secret to a super dewy skin finish. infused with nourishing oils and wild berry extract, to give you instant luminous skin, without the greasy feeling. who doesn't need this in their lives?⁣ stock up on our new superdewy collection and save 20 off when you buy 3 or more items on revolutionbeauty.com⁣ enter the new golden twenties welcome our new collection! filigree patterns and gold accents ensure the perfect new edition of the classic. sign your eyes! make an effortless colorful statement with our the mechanical eyeliner glides across your lids with ease to deliver a shigh-impact color that lasts up to 24hrs! who's ready to show off their signature look? glow big or go home just look at those universal pearls and shimmers in flora n.y.m.p.h all over body highlighter @kendallalfred our new collection enter the new golden twenties not only includes perfect colors for your everyday make-up routine but each product also is a gorgeous accessory for your purse! shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ diormakeup beauty tips sharing step by step the perfect lip routine: scrub, glow and plump! dior lip sugar scrub dior lip glow 001 pink dior lip maximizer 001 pink they see me rollin’ our @revolutionskincare relaxing pulse point roller is now in the sale! need to freshen up? our from are available in 9 different irresistible scents are ready to provide a refreshing sensation. this glossy lip color makes your lips conditioned from day to night. which one is your favorite? new takes center stage in @llbeautytips' beauty cabinet! have you added this new superstar to your lineup? join and tag us in your shelfies for a chance to be featured! @llbeautytips who knew a lip scrub could look this good? the hydra-light smoothing lip balm is formulated with natural sugars to gently buff away dry skin, infused with hyaluronic acid for light-reflecting lips. strong skin is in. try it out with our new skinlongevity long life herb collection, now available online and in stores @ulta. perfect skin guaranteed. did you know you can find your perfect foundation match risk-free on toofaced.com?! we're giving you free shipping returns on all foundations! drop some if you love a gorgeous summer glow! @huda wearing in aphrodite as primer. i’m obsessed in love with n.y.m.p.h. because of the high concentration of pearls! it diffuses my skin imperfections, acne scars it creates a veil which makes my skin look airbrushed products used: n.y.m.p.h. all-over highlighting powder @hudabeautyshop what’s your current go-to @hudabeauty product? yes to being on 9 w @liahmorley which e.l.f. primer is your go-to? comment using the emojis below! blemish control face primer: infused with salicylic acid, vitamin e, and tea tree to help control breakouts and blemishes illuminating face primer: ideal for creating a radiant glow with subtle shimmer mineral infused face primer: fills in fine lines and refines your complexion. hydrating face primer: infused with grape, vitamins a, c, e to help boost complexion, and hydrate your skin. tone adjusting primer: helps to minimize redness and correct blotchy skin poreless face primer: helps fill in enlarged pores, fine lines, and wrinkles to transform your face into a flawless, smooth canvas explore more on elfcosmetics.com we’re so excited to partner with @tayehansberry on this series of watch as she talks to three incredible black creatives and learn about their individual journeys within the beauty and fashion industries. in this episode, taye is joined by celebrity mua theo turner @theeislandboi. thank you to taye for coming to us with this concept. we’re so grateful to the creatives involved for sharing their stories and for getting glam with taye’s product breakdown: in black in pewter please and olive you mascara eye-conic palette in extravagance! enamored with pride gloss stick in coming out theo’s product breakdown: in black in oh my gold! mascara moisturizer stay tuned on our channel for ep. 2 and 3. @biancachelmumakeup is a big matte mood in must-have shadows from our ultimate mattes palette calling all full coverage queens! we gotchu covered literally with our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation $15 usd comfortable matte finish 24 hour wear transfer-proof vegan formula available online at nyxcosmetics.com the beauty of is that it can transport your senses anytime, anywhere. escape to the sun-drenched, azure-blue mediterranean with @aerin's mediterranean honeysuckle eau de parfum. let notes of sweet honeysuckle and sparkling grapefruit take you there tap to shop! @michellexadri coming soon tell us how excited you are in the comments tag your friends so they don't miss the news! autumn is just around the corner and we are already totally into glamouros make-up looks thanks to our new collection enter the new golden twenties. what about you?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut @allieballiemakeup’s brows have got it goin’ on she goes for volumizing brow gel in medium brown! fresh all day fresh all night lasting shine, all-day moisture, and a cooling sensation to make them plump! all this with from need we say more? we are living for @kandeejohnson's stunning glam! she wears our new born this way matte foundation and sugar peach face and eye palette. pro mua @jackcail slays this quick beat using our can't stop won't stop collection here are the deets: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer can't stop won't stop powder foundation suede matte lipstick watch our @lipsticknick teach you everything you need to know about drawing hair-like brows using a few items from our arch obsessions brow kit. avail. in 10 shades on morphe.com select morphe stores. the new night sérum cicanuit is perfect for all types of blonde and is the perfect gesture to complete your day night hair care routine. swipe to find out the sun-kissed, highlighed platinum blondies new care routine! we can't stop watching this video of our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation on a scale of 1-10, how far will you glow? either way, this palette is a must for anyone who loves a bronze smokey eye or wants to turn up the heat from day to night now 12 price in our sale!⁣ only at revolutionbeauty.com⁣ flaunt a summer-ready finish with the collection:⁣⁣⠀ prime with -scented face primer⁣⁣⠀ set with -scented spray⁣⁣⠀ refresh anytime, anywhere with -scented paradise refresh mist @jakewarden unbothered @annasrea is catching some rays while wearing our lip color in the shade skin-ny dipping to achieve her perfect rosy-nude hue get it, girl: @walmart @target @amazon @walgreens... and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @healthline just named our holy hydration! face cream as one of the best face moisturizers of 2020! why it’s award-winning: helps brighten and even out skin tone instantly sinks into the skin for smooth, non-greasy and soft, supple feel promotes a plumped up, bouncy complexion available in two versions -with and without fragrance! key ingredients: hyaluronic acid: helps provide hydration by locking in moisture and reducing water loss resulting in a plumped up, bouncy complexion. niacinamide: helps brighten and even skin tone. squalane: helps improve moisture balance and elasticity. peptides: helps promote collagen for a more refreshed complexion. vitamin b5: helps soothe and hydrate the skin. tap to shop for $12! take notes, benebabes! our cakeless concealer is your cheat sheet to covering up dark circles, blemishes discoloration! @rae.lenss counting skincare products is the new counting sheep sleep soundly, without a skincare worry try our nightly renewal regimen featuring new cleanse: advanced night micro cleansing balm strengthen: treatment lotion repair: new advanced night repair face serum moisturize: supreme night restorative creme brighten eyes: advanced night repair eye supercharged complex @suvabeauty knows how to doodle liner is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores only! @snitchery's liner is giving us major rockstar vibes she gets the look with our epic wear liner sticks in 'pink spirit' flawless skin starry eyes peachy lips @ling.kt lookin' 100 when the glow is too good to keep to yourself. @crystalotv instantly brightens her under eyes using under eye brightening corrector, and adds colour and light using new light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in red star. sunday night plans let our hangover pillow cream work to renew and replenish your skin while you get your beauty sleep. available @debenhamsbeauty. @harbsy creates this cute using our epic ink liner epic wear liner sticks in ‘pink spirit’ this qt @slaybyciara fills in defines her brows using our precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! tag a friend who'd rock this look the stunning @tuantinpar uses our new liquid glitter shade mermaid shimmy! why we love it: universally flattering icy mint shade long lasting, quick-drying gel-based formula formulated for comfortable wear and minimal fall out one-swipe glitter coverage tap to shop for $5! @meyloetta is a beaming star girl in our shimmery spotlight highlight palette pssstt it's currently 50 off here’s your sign to treat yourself to some tlc @cakedbykelsey stays snatched wearing out micro brow pencil in ‘ash brown’ pop quiz! which tint did we launch most recently?! @gabrielle.shoots @hijabadore is a sight to behold! she builds her brows using our in shade 4.5! 4 subtle lip products and 4 slightly different looks which one would you prefer? color booster lipgloss color booster lip balm n°8 nude color booster lip balm n°4 color booster lip balm boosting pink new! you can never be too cool for tools @revolutionskincare have extended their range to bring you 4 new facial tools shop now at revolutionbeauty.com and swipe for handy how to use info white jade face roller a new member of our face roller family, white jade is traditionally used do de-puff simply roll over your skin in upwards motions to stimulate blood flow, aiding in the absorption of serums and masks £15€17.99$20⁣ jade gua sha v-shaped facial tool a traditional chinese practice, gua sha is a form of facial massage that can be used to invigorate the skin and help products be fully absorbed jade is traditionally used to help lift the skin as it's a softer stone the v shape is great for massaging and soothing cheekbones and the jawline £10€11.99$14⁣ rose quartz gua sha 3-shaped facial tool rose quartz is traditionally used to help calm and soothe skin. the 3 shape is great for massaging the forehead and cheekbones £10€11.99$14⁣ white jade gua sha mushroom-shaped facial tool white jade is traditionally used to de-puff, ease tension and tone. the mushroom shape is great for massaging and soothing the under-eye area £10€11.99$14 reduce and restore use hyaluronic acid ampoules to reduce the appearance of wrinkles, restore plumpness hydration. have you tried them already? thanks to our new enter the new golden twenties collection, we have three new shades of our popular perfect color lipstick in stock. which is your favorite? perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°819 confetti shower⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @y.elagoz coming through with this gorgeous eye glam! have you tried our mascara? let us know in the comments below new today! 3 new gua sha facial tools have just dropped on @revolutionskincare head to their account and check out our revsays blog post on revolutionbeauty.com for the full lowdown! ⁣white jade gua sha mushroom-shaped facial tool jade gua sha v-shaped facial tool rose quartz gua sha 3-shaped facial tool our artdeco beauty @therubinrose creates her golden twenties look with our new enter the new golden twenties collection. real lashes, real results. obsessed with seeing your my loves lashes belong to these beauties @whollybeautiful @s.hxzz @aamaziingsara @maalouine @lourdesvarner @mzdiorxx @kirpalkaur @mariannealsuwaidi new from @revolutionskincare the white jade face roller has just dropped! white jade is traditionally used to de-puff simply roll over your skin in upwards motions to stimulate blood flow, aiding in the absorption of serums and masks £15€17.99$20⁣ at revolutionbeauty.com unfold apply it's never been easier to you achieve smooth and intensely hydrated skin. 1. unfold and apply the formula-soaked mask containing ultra-concentrated hyaluronic acid. 2. remove the protective film and adjust the mask to your face. 3. remove the mask after 15mins and massage the excess onto the face neck. did you know: the skin around your eye area is 4x thinner than the skin on your face! give a little extra tlc to your eye area: brighten: eye supercharged complex brightens dark circles in just 3 weeks! strengthen: after using eye concentrate matrix for four weeks, 92 of women said their eye area felt cushioned with intense nourishment. consumer testing on 154 women. @juanatome this best-seller is finally back in stock. get your hands on under eye brightening corrector before it's gone again. peach-toned colour correctors are infused with light-reflecting illuminators to deflect light away from dark circles under the eyes. new charlie from @teamrevolutionbeauty shows you how to use our face tool knocks expensive brands out of the park- angelab you got that right, periodt. get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com servin' up your daily dose of glam with a side of sparkle. say it louder for the people in the back @katyhodges!! never let your ex ruin a perfect wing ever again with our ultra-pigmented get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com brightens dark circles fights dehydration reduces the look of lineswrinkles eye supercharged complex fights these key signs of aging and more, giving your eye area a bright, hydrated look. tap to shop! @dianapenty describe this palette in emojis only @makeupbyaleks 3 products 1 effect. our camouflage products let skin blemishes disappear completely and give your complexion a perfect, even finish of the highest flawlessness.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ you decide: camouflage cream, camouflage stick, liquid camouflage or all of the combined? why you need our try our retro paradise primer glow oil: lightweight oil absorbs quickly into skin ultra-hydrating for summer adds a glowing sheen that can be worn alone or used to prep your skin for makeup the tropical scent will transport you to paradise $10! available on elfcosmetics.com and @target microblading appointment cancelled! @haleyivers strokes, shapes sculpts her way to flawless brows using: cakeless concealer celine has the best application tips. who's following the tutorial for a fresh glow this week? foundation look with @celinebernaerts the talent has entered the chat @mmmmitchell @alexdemasters slays this oh-so satisfying makeup look using our ultimate shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' first drop sold out on our site, now available online @ultabeauty create captivating looks with the new, limited-edition brush set featuring plush synthetic bristles, black ferrules tapered handles adorned with @nazaninkavari's signature this look! @tess.daly creates this stunning smoked out look inspired by @lolavxo using the revolution x @thealexisstone the instinct eyeshadow palette and @xxrevolution xxfine brow pencil in dark brown shop the instinct eyeshadow palette with 30 off in the revolutionbeauty.com sale 7 days in heaven try our 7-day cure of hyaluronic acid ampoules. after just 7 ampoules, your skin will look younger boosted with hydration! viva la revolution! you’ll love the revolution neon palettes even more now they are up to half price in our sale! will you collect them all? this offer is only at revolutionbeauty.com⁣ @nyane looks like an actual angel with this whimsical she uses our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' to slay this angelic glam create the perfect fall make-up look with our matching lipliner, lipstick and nail lacquer from our enter the new golden twenties collection. products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°662 fall foliage⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ a good week starts with a good night of sleep and a healthy blonde hair starts at night with the new sérum cicanuit! with an effortless new gesture before going to bed, achieve 89 less breakage for lightened hair while you dream available @sephora us and fine salons worldwide. @cathmo versus non conditioning shampoo ohh the possibilities create endless looks with the 16 modern nude shades in our born this way eye shadow palette our stunning highlighting palettes. tap to shop @sephora. these vitamin c-packed eye gels from @patchology will give you the bright side you need to get you through mondays! ingredients benefits: vitamin c mulberry: pair to decrease uneven pigmentation and naturally harmonize skin tone green tea extract: helps improve microcirculation which lightens the appearance of dark circles pearlescent minerals: reflect light to decrease appearance of dark circles and uneven tone a lil graphic liner to brighten your day @julibake uses our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' to get the look when you're short on time, keep your simple yet effective with these ultra-nourishing cleanse: advanced night micro cleansing balm repair: new face serum brighten eyes: advanced night repair eye supercharged complex moisturize: supreme night restorative creme @lipglossandsarcasm your skin will thank you after you try our skin hit kit! this kit is curated with our hemp-derived cannabis sativa seed oil and amino-rich formula that helps nourish, hydrate and condition the skin. happy hydration face cream: this nourishing and luxuriously creamy face cream is formulated with hemp seed oil, vitamin b5, hyaluronic acid and niacinamide to make your skin extra happy. all the feels facial oil: hemp seed oil, squalane and rosehip seed oil make this lightweight, non-greasy facial oil super hydrating. calm balm: infused with hemp seed oil and sunflower seed oil for a healthy, natural looking shine. puff puff primer: a creamy primer for quick absorption, the puff puff primer is formulated with hemp seed oil and vitamins a and c to soothe and hydrate your skin before makeup application. click on the to shop cloudy with a chance of @whitscanvas natalia runs us through her fresh, summer makeup routine using some of our faves: bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer can't stop won't stop contour concealer micro brow pencil control freak eyebrow gel epic wear liner sticks in 'blue trip' bare wtih me cannabis lip conditioner bare with me cannabis revitalize set multitasking spray what’s your dream lineup? comment below with your 3 picks! this bright pop of color thoooo each 9 piece brush set includes a sleek makeup bag with an unexpected twist once you peep in vibrant lime green lining! get your hands on this gorg set online @ultabeauty! are you team matte or team luminous? drop a for mattifying continuous setting mist drop a for luminous setting spray @cris.aguiilar completes this mesmerizing cut crease using our epic wear liquid liner in 'brown' major heart eyes for our babe @valeloren. she gets her flawless complexion using our born this way matte foundation shade golden beige! brow-za! @alexiismua gets these gorgeous with the tried-and-true team of our new bite-size face duos each palette includes two intensely pigmented complimentary shades for every skin tone perfect size for on the go available in 8 mesmerizing shades: spiced apple, watermelon, lychee, white peach, guava, pomegranate, coconut, cantaloupe. shop now on elfcosmetics.com and in-stores and online at @walmart @moodsandviews living for this two-toned liner moment by @chantal.ciaffardini she uses our new epic wear liner sticks in 'emerald cut' 'blue trip' to slay the look! available online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty zero no pigment virtual foundation has a silicone-free formula unlike anything you've ever felt before... infused with hyaluronic acid, it controls oil all day while giving skin all-day hydration. the first drop of our new brush set already sold out on our site get your face eye essentials now @ultabeauty online! cheek off: comment the emoji for your bene-fave! blush @gabrielle.shoots our brandnew blush couture brings a wonderful, naturally looking touch of color to your cheeks. enter the new golden twenties with it. recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this offer must end friday! save 20 off when you buy 3 or more products from superdewy collection at revolutionbeauty.com⁣ it's no makeup, makeup! meet our new superdewy collection, the perfect blend of skincare and makeup, with a full regime to help you achieve dewy skin that looks smooth, bright glossy not oily or greasy! superdewy skin toner⁣⁣ superdewy glucosamine hydrating serum⁣⁣ superdewy skin essence spray⁣⁣ superdewy makeup serum⁣⁣ superdewy blur balm⁣⁣ superdewy perfecting putty primer⁣⁣ superdewy multi purpose balm⁣⁣ superdewy tinted moisturiser [12 shades]⁣⁣ ends 8am bst friday 28th august⁣ a plumpy fruity addictive sensation try one of the fresh, fun fruity scents from one application leads to visibly plumped lips and a cooling, tingling sensation. repost @wishfulskin why shaving my face is the best thing i ever did!! why do i shave? i'm a naturally hairy person, and since i started shaving i can’t stop. the results are too good… gets rid of unwanted peach fuzz exfoliates your skin makes makeup look flawless how do i do it? 1. cleanse and dry your face completely 2. pull your skin tight do small downwards strokes with the blade at a 45-degree angle 3. do this for the entire bottom half of your face 4. post-shave: rinse hydrate with a serum moisturizer. what do i use? single blade razors does your hair grow back thicker? here’s the thing, naturally your hair has a pointed tip so that it can make its way through the hair follicle. however, when you shave, the blade cuts your hair at the thicker base of the hair, making it a blunt end. so regrowth may feel thicker and may look darker, but really, it’s not. does your hair grow back quicker? the growth of hair is controlled by the follicle, and shaving doesn’t affect the follicle or the growth pattern of the follicle this is science! every area of your body has a different growth rate, and every person’s hair follicles are unique. so the hair on your face is usually thinner than the hair on your legs, but the rate of hair growth on your face is generally faster. my loves, shaving is not for everyone. i have tried just about every type of hair removal, and for me, this works amazingly! you can also go to an experienced aesthetician to do it for you too it’s called dermaplaning, and it offers a much closer shave and more intense exfoliation we tell you how to apply our genious magic fix to make your favorite lipstick last throughout the whole day:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 1. use contour and lipstick as usual.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2. dab off any excess lipstick paint with a paper towel.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3. apply our magic fix continuously and paint over the contour of your lips. 4. let it dry for a few seconds with your lips slightly open. 5. clean the magic fix brush thoroughly after each use with a paper towel.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 6. enjoy your gorgeous lips for the summer 2020 edition of @voguegermany, all contributors were invited and challenged to find creative, alternative ways to execute their commissioned pages during quarantine. @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, turned to his passion for collage art. diving in to his old magazines with scissors and glue he created surreal beauty inspired pages for surreal times. each page is inspired by key dior beauty words. this collage is called ‘le paradis’. looking superdewy! @ayshabegum is wearing a mix of light beige and rich tan in our new superdewy tinted moisturiser plus you can still save 20 when you buy 3 or more products from superdewy collection at revolutionbeauty.com⁣⁣ plump'n shine get your shiny plumpy lips with the from with its menthol infused formula, we assure a refreshing plumping sensation. want to learn from the best? gain exclusive access to a live virtual event with bareminerals global dermatology ambassador dr. joyce park. just make a skinlongevity purchase through august 26 to get your invite. shop now via @teawithmd who’s ready for fall?! capture all the sexy fall feels with our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette baked with 18 scented warm spicy shades and our deliciously scented melted matte lipstick shade pumpkin spice! now available @hsn, @qvc, @sephora .com and @ultabeauty .com and toofaced.com! a red that turns heads. @miamivicebeauty pairs ultimate lipstick love in rouge with ultimate lip definer in energetic for long-wearing, pure color. we’re thrilled to announce our newest collection in partnership with the metropolitan museum of art @metmuseum in celebration of the anniversary! inspired by cubist art and the met’s signature red, whether you’re people-watching on the iconic met steps or attending one of the met’s exhibitions in person or virtually, everyone will take notice of the vibrant looks you can achieve with our collection! this art-inspired beauty collection is available for a limited time! this collection will also be available at @themetstore online and https:estee.cm2yy71ny, tap to shop it now! us only estée lauder is donating 100 of the purchase price of each item within the estée lauder x met collection to the metropolitan museum of art, from august 2020 march 2021, or while supplies last. our color booster lip gloss is a natural color booster, recognizes the ph of your lips and beautifies your natural lip color with its delicate, individual pigmentation. pink, the new red. @vittoria is wearing rouge allure ink fusion 836 idyllique from the fall-winter 2020 collection. a deep and intense shade infused with red. @luciapicaofficial these soft brows by @mehreemakeup have us feeling like she defines her brows using in shade 4.5! best served cold! our color riche is the coolest lipstick out there! wonder why? all 9 shades are infused with refreshing ingredients such as watermelon, peppermint and blueberry with a dash of soft menthol to give your lips a natural cooling effect. brrrr... sunlight and blue light bad news for your skin. protect yourself from both with complexion rescue defense radiant protective veil, veil spf 30, our multi-tasking, do-it-all product. drop a if you want every shade @trendmood1 heart eyes for this look @juicyjasofficial is wearing a full face of e.l.f.! products featured: hydrating camo concealer in medium peach poreless putty primer liquid glitter eyeshadow in pinky swear faux mink lashes in social butterfly contour palette bite-size eyeshadows in berry bad and cream sugar holy hydration! face cream ride or die lip balm in mighty mint tap to shop swipe on instant, smooth hydration with our bare with me cannabis lip conditioner new this week! the @revolutionskincare rose quartz gua sha 3-shaped facial tool rose quartz is traditionally used to help calm and soothe skin. the shape is great for massaging the forehead and cheekbones £10€11.99$14⁣⁣ @carolynmurphy wears our new limited edition collection the exclusive collection features a trio lipstick set, eyeshadow palette and powder compact. swipe to see more and tap to shop the collection! us only @themetstore @metmuseum estée lauder is donating 100 of the purchase price of each item within the estée lauder x met collection to the metropolitan museum of art, from august 2020 march 2021, or while supplies last. we a moment... how amaze are these avocado toast swatches from @ariellebriannabeauty?!!? the ultimate utopia palette, makeup and madness with @sanyasminn!! pumpkin spice szn is in full effect our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette is deliciously scented like pumpkin pie that will instantly take your senses into a cozy, warm and spicy dream. stock up on toofaced.com! wild, wild, wild our wild animal fierce eyeshadow palette is now half price in the sale! swipe for a closer look at that packaging @refilwefay now that the summer holidays are about to be over, let your scalp breathe again with a scalp deep cleansing routine. and let your mind break free! diagnose your hair online at https:www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair and discover your perfect fusio-scrub routine. glowing skin is just a few swipes away. add coverage, hydration and mineral-based spf with complexion rescue tinted moisturizer. it's just 1 of the 3 fan-favorites in our new @sephora exclusive kit. head to the to shop now. bringing this lash look to light. national artistry ambassador @christianschild used mascara on @annalorraineegle for photography by: @benjaminbecker closed sending you good vibes only we're treating lucky beauties with our bare with me cannabis collection here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on august 25, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on august 26, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. for complete rules, visit bit.ly34wiqrp @lipsticknick is the queen at drawing hair-like brows check our igtvs to watch her full tutorial ready to cool down? one application of color riche will deliver a plumping lip color and lasting shine with a cooling, tingling feel! the menthol helps to softly stimulate circulation beneath the lips to create the appearance of fuller lips. beauty is art, and art is beauty we’re honored to partner with the metropolitan museum of art @metmuseum for their 150th anniversary with a very special limited edition collection! our collection was inspired by the cubist art of ferdinand leger, featuring bold geometric shapes in vivid colors! tap to shop the entire collection via instagram checkout now! @themetstore estée lauder is donating 100 of the purchase price of each item within the estée lauder x met collection to the metropolitan museum of art, from august 2020 march 2021, or while supplies last. say hello to the new coffee cat ice cream bee collection! featuring two buttery-smooth shadow palettes and six high-shine lip glosses, delectably scented with coffee and ice cream! available now at wetnwildbeauty.com! coming to @ultabeauty online and in-stores 830 drop a in the comments below if you need this haul for yourself! @ritaermin is a major vibe with this electric she wears our epic ink liner bare with me tinted skin veil can't stop won't stop powder foundation to get the look @kachiavang is dripping in deliciousness with a sweet dose of belgian waffle bronzer highlighter stay as cool as a coffee-sipping cool cat with the latte-smooth neutrals of coffee cat! customize your beauty brew with a 16-pan shadow palette and high-shine lip glosses enriched with marula oil, all scented with the enticing aroma of coffee! available now at wetnwildbeauty.com! coming to @ultabeauty online and in-stores 830. bomb. brows. for. $2. our clear brow lash mascara will give you game-changing, natural looking brows and will keep your hairs in place. infused with long wearing conditioning agents, this brow product is next-level. tap to shop! @makeupbylousims left a trail of space dust what she said. ultimate lipstick love is an instantly moisturizing lipstick for pure colour in one swipe, infused with hyaluronic acid to hydrate. gotta catch them all! @missjazminad creates this pokemon using our liquid suede cream lipstick in 'little denim dress', 'jet set', 'pink lust', 'kitten heels', and our white liquid liner it's hot out there, babe. take on this heat with better than sex waterproof mascara! it's sweat-proof, waterproof and play-proof. non-stop glam by @kilennyk she achieves this feathered, pushed up brow look using: 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel brow microfilling pen precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 3.75 warm medium brown bring all the busy bee-boys to your yard with the colorful confections of ice cream bee! our queen bee brings you an irresistible assortment of treats in a buttery, high-effects 16-pan shadow palette and high-shine lip glosses enriched with marula oil all featuring sugary ice cream scent! available now at wetnwildbeauty.com! coming soon to @ultabeauty online and in-stores 830. reflecting on dramatically defined lashes. artistry by @christianschild using lengthening curling mascara on @annalorraineegle. photography by: @benjaminbecker set it forget it! pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry spills the tea on how to keep your makeup from melting with a quick spritz! here's what you'll need: complete control blending sponge makeup setting spray matte raise your hand if you're mind is blown giveaway closed congrats to winners: @makeupalyssia @adriplasa @blendedbeautylou @jocelyn.mendes @krisbodybar @michellefabulous @themanyshadesofshelby @makeupxesther @johannaglamlook @styledbyfarah 10 lucky winners will get the chance to receive their fave face primer, setting spray and refreshing face mist! how to enter: tag 3 besties below who you would take to paradise⁣⁣⠀ make sure you're following us here at @bhcosmetics! winners to be announced in this caption on thursday, 827 5pm pst we can spot our holy hydration! face cream a mile away perfect for all skin types- this luxurious formula is packed with hyaluronic acid, niacinamide, squalane, peptides, and vitamin b5 to even out skin tone and give you soft, supple skin. available in fragrance free! tap to shop @skincareelove all eyes on long, defined lashes. national artistry ambassador @christianschild created this look on @annalorraineegle using: mascara in earthquake o!mega bronze in tantric photography by: @benjaminbecker if your phone battery percentage was how many products are in your future… what number would that be?! today is double points day! earn double revrewards loyalty points on all orders for 1 day only! tag your friends so they don't miss out!⁣ head over to revolutionbeauty.com for all the deets and see the benefits of our bronze, silver gold levels the higher your level, the more perks you get! we are sure that there is the perfect lipstick color for everyone with the eight shades of our hydra care lipstick. left arm top to bottom:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°40 nature oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°46 relaxing oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°20 rose oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ right arm top to bottom:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°10 berry oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°06 precious oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°04 bilberry oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°02 charming oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @andreasreiterfotografie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ just dropped! want poppin’ eye makeup that lasts longer? then you need the new revolution ultimate eye base!⁣ we’ve called it ‘ultimate’ for a reason. it’s vital that every makeup fanatic or makeup artist has one in their makeup bag a super thick consistency for crease-free perfection! guaranteed eye makeup that lasts so much longer.⁣ vegan⁣ 3 shades to choose from in light, medium and dark⁣ £5€5.99$7 a wellness makeup routine that’s worth it! wakeup and makeup with @militzayovanka and discover natural looking makeup with products that care. products used: lash serum solution revitalift derm intensives hyaluronic acid infallible up to 24hr fresh wear foundation infallible full wear concealer summer belle bronze please! bambi eye mascara colour riche shine lipstick ultimate eye base! a super thick consistency for crease-free perfection! @nailasworld shows us this new formula closeup sooo grateful for all of you taking the time to review on @sephora thank you!! love you all so much happy women’s equality day my loves!!! drop some if you love @ghaidamsy’s stunning she paired it with to complete that subtle pink glam double wear is a worth showing off the comfortable and custom coverage is sure to make you feel confident in your look. we want to see how you tag us in your selfies for a chance to featured! when you're feelin' a little extra @soymahobeauty perfects her stunning glam using our born this way super coverage concealer shades almond cloud. love them!!! @marimaria @francinyehlke who are you fav beauty bloggers? @hudabeautyshop light or dark. rosy or burgundy. sensual or sanguine. the new nail colours from the fall-winter 2020 collection le vernis 765 interdit and le vernis 769 égérie. @luciapicaofficial bling it on @alissajanay’s brows got the star treatment with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown! what better way to find your perfect shade? our imatch virtual shade expert provides an innovative way to find a shade just for you! link in our bio to experience the magic of imatch! give a lash welcome to our latest addition to the @grandecosmetics enhance your gorgeous features with this cult-fave collection of safe and effective formulas for your brows, lips, and lashes.⁣ is available now on morphe.com select morphe stores on 91 in ready to learn how to get glowing skin? reveal your own sun-kissed radiance even at home with these skincare and makeup picks ft. @militzayovanka sublime bronze self-tanning water mousse true match lumi glotion infallible up to 24hr fresh wear foundation summer belle bronze please! summer belle blush please! lash paradise mascara it's all about that base! an eye base with impact! take your shadows to a new level with the new revolution ultimate eye base collection! available in 3 shades for more pigment control choose from light, medium dark are you ready for crease-free pigment perfection!? hit the link in our bio to shop the full collection now from £5€5.99$7 each happy we love our furry friends and stand with every eye, lip, face and paw- always our girl tsuki @jkissa adorable rescue pup wants you to know that the collection is still available at @ultabeauty with limited quantities and the to the rescue eyeshadow palette will be available in @ultabeauty stores starting 831 @divaglambylissa is a whole vibe in electric af midnight festival shadows. snag on sale while you still can pack in the the pigment with the new revolution ultimate eye base collection! shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty uses the shade light to create a vibrant yellow high impact eye look! available in 3 shades for more pigment control choose from light, medium dark hit the link in our bio to shop the full collection now from £5€5.99$7 each calling all basic witches! it's officially pumpkin spice latte szn! @ryankellymua has us in our feelings with this inspired she uses our liquid suede cream lipstick in 'orange county' to get the look christian dior used to have red showstoppers in his collections, for catwalk he would call them ‘coup de trafalgar’. this collage, made for vogue germany, is inspired by some of the famous reds created for dior loving women. it’s called ‘rouge trafalgar’. surreal beauty for surreal times. want softer skin after just one use? @frankbod got chu every look is kiss perfect w these deeply pigmented, long-wearing lip crayons that glide on smooth creamy lip crayon trio includes:⁣ asap rich wine tlc rose nude nsfw ballet slipper pink get 'em while they're hot! your fall glam is about to be with our new deliciously scented pumpkin spicy eye shadow palette melted matte lipstick shade pumpkin spice! tap to shop. i spy with my little everything you need to create a soft, smoky summer eye. the bounce blur and gen nude eyeshadow palettes strength length mascara are our everyday eye essentials. drinks 1 pumpkin spice latte our ultimate utopia shadow palette is satisfying all of our fall cravings these creamy pigmented af shades have us drooling available online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty that perfect eye look! @nailasworld uses the new ultimate eye base a super thick consistency for crease-free perfection! teamed with one of our forever flawless palettes, showstopper, for that ultimate eye look! the detoxifying power of sea salt or the gentle mix of jojoba and sweet orange peel what will be your choice to detox your hair? or @friserpl @mathwithanieu from becca education breaks down how to apply light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow for longwearing, multidimensional finish. mathieu wears refract, a sky blue primer with a rainbow shimmer topper. get a free coffee cat headband with a $30 purchase at wetnwildbeauty.com! who knew you could feel this cute taking off your makeup? shop the new coffee cat ice cream bee collection today! our coffee cat delivers a sophisticatedly smooth 16-pan shadow palette and 3 high-shine lip glosses enriched with marula oil all featuring a delicious coffee scent! swipe up in our stories to shop and explore the ice cream bee's sweetest treats! available now at wetnwildbeauty.com and arriving @ultabeauty 830 online and in-stores. if pumpkin spice is wrong, we don’t want to be right 3 prongs, please! new does all the work for you—fills in gaps, creates controlled brow strokes stays put all day without smudging or fading! @gabrielle.shoots feel the heat of the warm-toned shades of our opposites attract palette perfect for neutral and vibrant pops of color, achieve subtle or bold looks with these luxe-eyeshadow palettes. comment below which shade you're feeling me like @lindceybeauty pamper your pout while delivering a sheer wash of color w moringa jojoba and coconut oil pro artist @makeupwithivan has us dreaming of pumpkin spice lattes with this fall inspired glam here's the breakdown: fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil ultimate utopia shadow palette epic wear liner sticks in 'orange zest' filler instinct plumping lip color in 'besos' filler instinct plumping lip polish in 'cheap fills' today and every day, we celebrate all women. happy @martinamartian a summer glow for any skin tone. our limited edition shade, own your light, is a warm gold infused with luminous peach and pink pigments. the ultimate trio for a flawless complexion. cover imperfections while revealing the all-day, shine-free look of naturally flawless skin with our 24-hour born this way matte foundation. tap to shop! @sephora who else is ready for fall makeup looks?! pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry slays this cozy using some of our new faves fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil ultimate utopia shadow palette epic wear liner sticks in 'gold plated' wicked lashes in 'risque' @mannymua733’s wfh look looks a lil’ different from ours he glams up goes for our to complete his brows! full glam? say no more @amandadiaz is beaming in her full face of e.l.f. products featured: -opposites attract eyeshadow palette -glow gleam beam highlighter palette -ultra precise brow pencil -poreless putty primer -primer-infused blush in always rosy -hydrating camo concealer -halo glow setting powder tap to shop mimosa's electrifying reds, peaches and pinks are shadows you'll def want to drink up all day long experience major volume with our award-winning mascara. no falsies needed on @crispiccone, just velvet noir. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. feeling @bboswell’s trippy sparkly @getstonned look, created with a little help from the vegan sprinkles brush set our brow collection’s chrome packaging just hits different how many brow products are in your current rotation?! @subjectobjectmanifest 24 hours left to save 20 off when you buy 3 or more products from superdewy collection at revolutionbeauty.com⁣ it's no makeup, makeup! meet our new superdewy collection, the perfect blend of skincare and makeup, with a full regime to help you achieve dewy skin that looks smooth, bright glossy not oily or greasy! ends 8am bst friday 28th august⁣ obsessive shine! witness unbelivabable results with our color riche lipstick! it's nourishing and hydrating formula provides an effortless balmy make up look, leaving your lips feeling healthy and conditioned from day to night. say goodbye to dark under-eye circles, lines and wrinkles! the light-reflecting pigments of our perfect teint concealer n°23 medium beige will help you. other used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ all in one mascara n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ultra fine brow liner n°15 saddle⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint foundation n°42 medium sand image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photography: @laragilles⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @jennifergalle⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @sabr.iiina⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ these babes are glam goals! which pastel makeup look is your fav?! 1,2 or 3? repost @paranatka @stateofinfinity @aleksandrasosfa products used: vid 1 @hudabeautyshop pastel obsessions in lilac samantha lashes in light @hudabeautyshop overachiever concealer in meringue @hudabeautyshop easy bake powder in sugar cookie in prom night vid 2 hudabeautyshop pastel obsessions in mint @hudabeautyshop in luna blur glow brush vid 3 pastel in rose in seductress just dropped yesterday! the new revolution ultimate eye base for poppin’ eye makeup that lasts longer? vegan⁣⁣ 3 shades to choose from in light, medium and dark⁣ £5€5.99$7 blush up your summer look with rouge blush 047 miss or with rouge blush 962 poison matte! rouge blush 047 miss rouge blush poison 962 matte yassss so happy you love legit lashes my love!!! @thebeautyradar thank you so much my love for your review!! repost @thebeautyradar all about the lash been using the new @hudabeauty legit lashes and so far i’m loving it! had it on for hours in 80 degree weather and didn’t get any smudges, racoon eyes, the formula stayed put all day! i love using both sides for extra drama on my top and bottom lashes. you’re getting two full size mascaras for the price of 1! have you tried it out? i’ll have to do an ig story to see it for yourself! thank you @hudabeautyshop fall-winter 2020 collection candeur et expérience act ii the new face of pink. les 4 ombres 364 candeur et séduction stylo yeux waterproof 959 psyché baume essentiel rosée rouge allure ink fusion 836 idyllique le vernis 765 interdit @luciapicaofficial @vittoria tune in for a special live event tonight at 6pm edt on esteelauder.com beautiful makeup starts with beautiful skin: join @violettefr as she shares her pre-makeup rituals for a with major va-va voom link in bio to view the live stream! hydration? mineral-based spf? naturally radiant finish? buildable sheer-to-medium coverage? complexion rescue tinted moisturizer can do it all. find it in our new 3-piece kit, exclusively @sephora. 2 finishes, endless combinations. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended eyeshadow for multiple looks, available in 6 shades: golden hour: a caramel brown primer with a golden shimmer topper lunar: a dusty rose primer with a pink shimmer topper dusk: an olive green primer with golden shimmer topper refract: a sky blue primer with a rainbow shimmer topper red star: a brick red primer with a pink shimmer topper laser: a deep plum primer with a violet shimmer topper our favorite funny lady is sharing her nighttime routine on our igtv. oil-obsessed total cleansing oil pure plush gentle deep cleansing foam new skinlongevity long life herb serum limited-edition skinlongevity green tea herbal eye mask new skinlongevity long life herb eye treatment new skinlongevity long life herb night treatment work those brows @glamwithmimi! mimi uses our micro brow pencil in deep brown to create her perfectfly arched brows get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com plumped up to the max! get the perfect pout with color riche after, one application your lips will appear softer, glossier, and visibly plumped with a subtle flush of color. which shade do you prefer? lychee or blue mint the one-stop, face miracle worker is here! use in the am to create a flawless canvas and in the pm to visibly plump and lift while you sleep. tag a friend that needs to know about our plump prime face plumper. happy thursday my loves!!! this is my current routine for silky-smooth glowing skin ask me a question about skincare? @wishfulskin @hudabeautyshop check out @nailasworld using our new ultimate eye base for perfect crease-free eye makeup application! @mmmmitchell @lipsticknick swatch it up with the from dusk to dawn, new advanced night repair is our go-to and should be yours too! am: to help protect your skin from pollution throughout the day pm: to take advantage of the natural restorative process at night for radiance and moisture tap to shop new our iconic rouge dior 999 lipstick is known to be the outstanding shade for all seasons. complete your summer look with this stunning lipstick and turn heads. rouge dior 999 brilliant high color shine infused with vitamin e for every glossy lip lover tap to shop our lip lacquer shades for $3 with the 4 different eyeshadow shades included in our handy beauty box quattro, you can create gorgeous make-up looks suitable for everday!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°614 fading⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ treat your lips to juicy hydration a flush of color with our filler instinct plumping lip color collection ft. here is the shade 'beach casual' rainbow on me @spyonmyeye's take me back to brazil look has us like @itsjustfatimah is popping off w that contour a round of applause for this brow transformation from @emilyyxmua using our new volumizing brow gel! @oohweeeg talks tips and techniques w celeb mua @antonmakeup while he slays a smokey liner! say my name! @rebellebeautyx is stunning in our new lip injection lip gloss shade: say my name pucker up cravin' coconuts sugar kiss lip scrub is now available! get your lips prepped and primed with our super sweet dream kiss overnight lip mask sugar kiss lip scrub £5€5.99£7 each in watermelon heaven pineapple crush and cravin’ coconuts what's your flavour? healthy beautiful hair starts from taking good care of your scalp. you already have a scrub routine for your skin, so why not having one for your hair? let’s take a look inside the fusio-scrub formula 1. sea salt minerals absorbs balances oil production 2. salicylic acid soothes dry scalp conditions 3. sweet orange peel provides aromatic uplifting start from scrub and awaken your beauty! not sure about the scrub that suits you the best? diagnose your hair online at https:www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair and discover your perfect fusio-scrub routine. www.kerastase.com @trendmood1 hit all the right angles... the dior woman is a ‘femme fleur’, unique, colourful, irresistible and standing strong. this surreal collage by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, for @voguegermany is inspired by the concept of la femme fleur. say hello to our summer lippie lineup filler instinct plumping lip color juicy color, full shine, 8 hours of hydration, and sign us up bringing the heat @arijaneparker uses our poreless putty primer, perfect finish hd powder and lip plumping gloss in pink cosmo. tap to shop! looking for everything that's good in a with none of the bad? look no further than new advanced night repair! treat yourself to a recyclable bottle full of skin-loving ingredients, sans parabens, phthalates and sulfates. tap to shop now! finish this sentence: “my look isn’t complete without for us, it’s a @mentedcosmetics lippie! @gabrielle.shoots keep it juicy like @makeupbyjesi pictured here rocking our chai latte lip gloss duo in shade caffeinated get 10 off sitewide using her code: jesi @t.rinluck is being egg-stra cute w drop your fave sanrio character below @iluvsarahii is a major fall vibe with this golden glam here are the deets: ultimate utopia shadow palette epic ink liner born to glow radiant concealer in vanilla true beige slim lip pencil in 'peekaboo neutral' butter gloss in 'creme brûlée' “i’m just putting my photos out there in a shameless way, as any person does. i think it’s important in a way to normalize seeing different body types doing the same thing without having to explain why i’m doing that.” @champagnemani in this episode, @tayehansberry is joined by model and freelance writer imani randolph @champagnemani. watch as they discuss imani’s story within the modeling industry and how to achieve a model off-duty look using 4 key beauty products. product breakdown: lip crème in so sofia mascara recover coconut lip oil glow away luminizer stay tuned for ep. 3 on our channel. there's nothing that we love more than a rainbow, graphic liner @raincornelius slays the look using our epic ink liner strike a pose, babe w a luxe, soft-touch texture, this hand mirror is the ultimate selfie stick.⁣ now available on morphe.com morphe stores! there's nothing basic about this pumpkin spice. take your look from daytime dreamy to nighttime sultry as easy as pie with our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette. get glass skin in one step. zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip has a flexible formula that provides non-stick, comfortable wear, giving you the perfect sheen on all skin tones. gel yeah! @smithadepak shapes her brows using our gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4 warm deep brown! @shamelesslydia is lookin' like a ray of sunshine with this vibrant she wears our new epic wear liner sticks in pitch black cosmic yellow to get the look the full lineup all 8 shades of our best-selling sheer slick lipsticks. these super hydrating lipsticks will give you a sheer wash of color and smooth, kissable pout. from top to bottom: golden pear, grapefruit, wild peach, orange crush, cherry slush, dragonfruit, jam or jelly and black cherry. tap to shop for $5 @lapetitechicmommy don't these swatches make you want to samba?! vibe to the rhythm of carnival with take me back to brazil's spirited shades. 35 high impact colors, on sale now for 50 off but hurry, this $10 deal ends today we have the perfect autumnal lipstick shade for you: our perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream. other used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ you asked we listened⁣ get ready to glow with conceal glow foundation this buildable coverage foundation has been pumped with light reflecting pearl particles plus brightening vitamin c for the ultimate skin-loving radiant finish £9.99€10.99$12⁣ and we are also launching today more products for the full glow look all day everyday fast base glow stick 2 shades £8€9.99$12⁣ glow illuminate 3 shades £10€11.99$15⁣ fix glow primer £8€9.99$12⁣ fix glow fixing spray £8€9.99$11 introducing the new conceal glow foundation pumped with light reflecting particles and brightening vitamin c for that radiant finish it's all about that glow with conceal glow foundation this buildable coverage foundation has been pumped with light reflecting pearl particles plus brightening vitamin c for the ultimate skin-loving radiant finish available now £9.99€10.99$12.00 beautifully emphasize your lips with our amazing hot chili lip booster! image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wild shine try our new shades from dressed in a limited wild package. apply and experience the strong color impact with non-sticky shine and a fresh lightweight feel. ready to go wild? not sure what shade you are in our new conceal glow foundation? head over to revolutionbeauty.com to find out how to pick up your free sample!⁣ available are with purchase on revolutionbeauty.com only, whilst stocks last. not feeling for full-coverage today? well luckily, you’ve got the power! you can add a few drops of new advanced night repair to your stay-in-place to customize your coverage any and every way you want! take control and add a few more drops for a more sheer coverage! tap to shop new and double wear now! match your makeup to fall's hottest accessory: your mask. @emilymkemp wears light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in lunar, a dusty rose primer with a pink shimmer topper. look at that glow! sophie from @teamrevolutionbeauty gets the ultimate glow using our new conceal glow foundation in shade f8 available now £9.99€10.99$12 it’s the full coverage for me diffuse the line between makeup and skin with our new 24-hour born this way matte foundation! want to know a secret? you can mix our new skinlongevity long life herb serum with complexion rescue tinted moisturizer for summer-ready coverage a skin-strengthening boost. head to the to shop it now @sephora get the glow up like @nyahyuld in luscious watermenlon-scented paradise refresh face mist. she's an instant boost to your look and mood go wild, go bronze meet your summer must-have: the wild bronze limited edition of our classic it stains like ink, shines like a gloss! @kxtbonifacio can you take us to your rose garden? dreaming of this view until we can see it irl. @maritfolland enter the new golden twenties spotlight on your eyes! with this gorgeous eye make-up in shades of gold, you are sure of compliments. used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 57 years have passed since dr. martin luther king spoke “i have a dream” from the steps of the lincoln memorial. “now more than ever, we need the words of dr. king to heal our nation. our black community, employees, friends, and family are hurting. this is a moment to continue to build empathy and find our path toward healing together. if dr. king would have thought that fighting for freedom and equality was a burden, i would not be in the position i am in today. i am exactly where i need to be, ensuring our voices are heard. let’s continue to speak up, stand for change, and keep dr. king’s dream alive.” -mandy fields, chief financial officer, e.l.f. beauty today’s march on washington commemorates this historic moment in us history and continues the commitment to change. watch it online here: https:2020march.comwatch turn up that glow! the ultimate glowy canvas for the rest of your makeup the revolution fix glow ultra glow primer preps your skin for long-lasting makeup, whilst turning up the glow all over the complexion available now £8€9.99$12 imagine a world where you could customize your coverage and take care of your skin. open your eyes to one of many ways to use new advanced night repair add a drop to your stay-in-place foundation for sheer coverage. mix it up when you tap to shop! which @danessamyricks product is your fave? @missglamerika we are not kitten around with the new coffee cat ice cream bee collection! the rich, neutral hues of coffee cat will have you meowing for more available now at wetnwildbeauty.com and arriving @ultabeauty 830 online and in-stores. @sxmanthxb serves up this everyday glam using some of our holy grails she uses our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'cocoa' epic ink liner butter gloss in 'praline' for this subtle slay we’re remixing beautyscape this year with @umgbgram! get ready for makeup and music artistry to collide! enter by 918 for the chance of a lifetime: co-create el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be annoucing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome! @slayedbydre wears our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'cappuccino' as a base for this friday slay today's lewk say hello to the essentials we’ve been obsessed with all summer long. which product is your go-to in the summer? our new eyeshadow shades from our enter the new golden twenties collection perfectly harmonize together as you can see at this gorgeous make-up look! products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get ready to glow all year long with conceal glow foundation and our new glow products for that ultimate skin-loving radiant finish comment with a below if you are loving today's launches! the kind of message we love to receive! thank you all for your trust and love for what do you love about are you team fusio scrub apaisant or fusio scrub energisant tell us in the comments down below! and don’t forget to leave a comment and review on our website no, this is patrick @by.sulli inspo @chidgeytattoos every day is a pool day in take the first step to with our and paradise face primers “what makes you a barebeauty?” get to know the community! today, we're meeting @anthonyortez favorite bare product: hydrating foundation stick and the strength and length mascara best beauty advice: always wear sunblock and always wash your face at night! follow @anthonyortez for more content @gabxxrielle is a major fall vibe with this full coverage slay want to recreate the look? here's what you'll need: can't stop won't stop foundation can't stop won't stop concealer ultimate shadow palette in 'phoenix' epic ink liner on the rise volume liftscara shout loud satin lipstick matte setting spray apply on your cheeks or lip to get that perfect wash of color look carefully @mimles has us doing a double take with this incredible illusion makeup she uses our epic ink liner vivid brights liners to trick the eye @tynanbuck breaks down all the reasons to fall in love with ultimate lipstick love as he applies his favorite shade, sweetener. closed we are giving lucky beauty a bundle of our current faves here’s how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:00 pm pdt on august 28, 2020 and ends at 3:00 pm pdt on august 29, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. for complete rules, visit bit.ly2epjanp crushin' on @eman she wears our born this way matte foundation in the shade warm beige and our better than sex eyeliner. enter by 918 for the chance of a lifetime we’re remixing beautyscape this year with @umgbgram! get ready for makeup and music artistry to collide! three final winners will: co-create el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be announcing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome, submit as many looks as you want by 918! hits save button immediately thanks @hayleybui @meicrosoft serves up major liner inspo with this metallic graphic liner she uses our epic ink liner for a pigmented precise shape inspo: @minghui.psd @kamilabravo went wilddd in our @tinayong all-in-one palette use her exclusive code: kamila for 10 off sitewide isn't it amazing how many different glam make-up looks you can create with our new enter the new golden twenties collection? which lipstick and nailpolish would you combine? comment down below! products on the left:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°614 fading⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products on the right:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°662 fall foliage⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°819 confetti shower⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ dropped this week!⁣ swipe to see everything we launched this week!⁣ @revolutionskincare face tools⁣⁣⁣ ultimate eye base⁣ conceal glow foundation⁣ fast base glow sticks⁣ illuminate glow⁣ fix glow primer⁣ fix glow fixing spray⁣ what will you be buying? let us hear you roar! discover your wild side with our summer collection wild bronze. and the are ready to transform you into the wild goddess we know you are. explore all the colours of carnival with the ultra-vibrant revolution x @makeupbytammi tropical carnival palette @teamrevolutionbeauty is celebrating digital notting hill carnival 2020 with this beautiful 18 pan palette filled with striking mattes and shimmer shades from ‘calypso’, a metallic chartreuse yellow, to ‘bacchanal’, an intense ocean-blue, these hot hues are well worth celebrating don't forget to check out tammi's latest collection tropical twilight for more summer loving vibes hit the link in our bio to discover the full collection you deserve a little exxtra something get 20 off this weekend only exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com did you know pollution can accelerate visible skin-aging? new advanced night repair’s 8-hour anti-oxidant power defends against skin-damaging pollution; that’s why it’s not just advanced night repair—be sure to use it every day, too! @dianapenty becca zero no pigment collection. skin is amped up, not covered up. this makeup and skincare hybrid has zero pigment, so it gives you a smoothed out, blurred out, virtually invisible finish with the hydration of skincare. perfect for days when you want to take a break from a full faced makeup look and show the world nothing but you. summer is where? where you are! spice up your summer makeup with our summer collection an irresistible bronze twist for lips, face, and eyes. you can never have too many. plump your lips with the plush, juicy color in our lip injection lip gloss. glow on the go this gorgeous highlighter stick is encased in a travel-friendly metallic retractable case, perfect to add an extra pop of glow throughout the day available in 2 shades £8€9.99£12 inspired by the bold, dynamic colors and shapes of cubist art; we are honored to mark @metmuseum’s 150th anniversary with this limited edition collection. the collection features: lipstick trio set eyeshadow palette powder compact tap to shop the collection now! us only @themetstore estée lauder is donating 100 of the purchase price of each item within the estée lauder x met collection to the metropolitan museum of art, from august 2020 march 2021, or while supplies last. enter the new golden twenties it's time to shine and smile with our new fall collection! shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ highlight, define, and sculpt with our cream contour palette $8! the buildable pigmented colors will give you a flawless finish every time. tap to shop! hot deal grab 40 off palette volume ii for a limited-time on morphe.com morphe stores⁣ @ilianabty defy the heat, but keep the glow with our long-lasting dewy foundation get it, girl: @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we are totally in love with this unique glamourous make-up look created with our new collection enter the new golden twenties. used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut the creamiest and dreamiest who's snatched the avocado toast palette?! @paletteaddict brow game strong @lazybonesbeauty deserves an award for her perfectly snatched brows she grooms defines using our micro brow pencil in espresso' bare with me cannabis brow setter model behavior @artistrybystephen uses goof proof eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black on @theacaciamcbride to build the perfect brows! if your favorite summer activity was basking in the sun your skin may need a little help restoring any hydration lost at sea. apply bronze goddess creme de soleil to rejuvenate skin with moisture. plus, this decadent is infused with caffeine and blurring optics to leave skin feeling smoother and looking healthier. the mission was to find alternative ways to collaborate for the @voguegermany summer issue during quarantine. inspired by dior key words, @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, turned to an old passion, collage art. here you have his interpretation of the iconic red 999 shade. @tarashailyn has us dreaming of sweater weather with this flawless fall here's the breakdown: control freak eyebrow gel dip, shape, go! longwear brow pomade in 'ash brown' bare with me tinted skin veil in 'deep sable' escape artist shadow palette epic ink liner bronze is here our new limited edition brings summer to you: warm colors for your eyes, wild nude for your lips, and natural glow on your face. spice, spice baby create all the autumn vibes with the 18 rich, creamy, and deliciously scented shades in our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette. which shade is your fave?! this incredible make-up look proves that a strong eye make-up can match with pretty red lips as well! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro eyeshadows n°558, 574, 197, 525⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler in der farbe n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail laquer n°662 fall foliage⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hairmake upphotographyretouch: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @laratronick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ watch as @lipsticknick re-creates the campaign look on @mmmmitchell drop a if you loved creation or a if you loved ‪dabbing into the weekend with our photo focus concealer like...‬ ‪stock up and snag a free coffee cat headband with a $30 purchase at wetnwildbeauty.com!‬ do you want to glow all day everyday? our conceal glow foundation is here with light reflecting pearl particles brightening vitamin c for the ultimate skin-loving radiant finish and learn how to use energisant at-home with @lillehoang on wet hair only, apply a walnut-size amount directly on the scalp. gently massage it adding water from time to time to help to create a thick lather. it will foam but don’t worry that's normal as it replaces your shampoo! rinse thoroughly. always follow with a treatment on lengths and ends with your favorite masque or fondant. you can use your fusio scrub once a week for a deep cleansing spa moment. the micro-fine tip on our micro brow pencil is our partner in crime for a natural, yet snatched brow the exclusive, exquisite blend of himalayan gentian and proprietary science in ultimate lift regenerating youth eye cream lightens the look of dark circles and reduces puffiness because the ultimate indulgence is a good night’s sleep or at least looking like you had one. just dew it @alissajanay is quenching her skin with coconut-scented hydrating setting spray we're using these phrases all the e.l.f.ing time thank you to our community for helping us expand our e.l.f.isms do you have any to add? @libby.o completes this mesmerizing with a swipe of our butter gloss in 'creme brulee' glow like the goddess you are with new eye beam gel highlighter the golden-peach sheen gives all skin tones a fresh, dewy radiance that lasts! infused with meadowfoam seed oil to soften smooth weightless gel formula 8-hour longwear crease-proof available now exclusively at @ultabeauty endless ways to light up your eyes. how would you use light gleam? watch @mayelavazquezbeauty let her creativity soar with light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow, the dual-ended liquid eyeshadow with a long-wear pigmented primer a twinkling topper for multiple looks. @medeaij is showing us how swatches are d-o-n-e @swatchperfectuk inspired morphe stencil “this is my favorite mascara ever, and i have tried many others. there are no clumps and it makes my eyes stand out like no other.” annat142 shop major volume mascara at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. looks so flickin’ good on @chloemorello! she uses shade deep brown to draw hair-like strokes for a super-easy lush eyebrow effect! summer may be ending, but your sun-kissed glow doesn't have to. get a luxurious lit-from-within glow with our real diamond-infused diamond light bronzer. our new stay all night micro-fine setting mist is a lightweight setting spray that gives you up to 16 hours of wear infused with skin-loving ingredients such as cucumber fruit extract, aloe and green tea leaf extract to hydrate and soothe the skin while keeping your makeup looking fresh from morning to night. tap to shop for $10! @milliemacmakeup swipes on our butter gloss in 'tiramisu' to complete this sparkling, euphoria-inspired glam inspo: @emmiesface cotton candy's sweet hot pinks, soft lavenders and deep grapes are straight up scrumptious still available on our site but not for long! your weekend secret weapon one too many glasses of wine? fine! late night netflix binge? no problem! cakeless takes care of everything @rattou8 one of our favorite fall looks a new interpretation of the golden twenties! what do you think?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ head over to our youtube channel to join @carmimua as he shows you the brand new revolution conceal glow collection need some advice on which revolution foundation is best for your skin type? hit the link in our bio to shop the full revolution glow collection now reach your finest lines! with easy-to-apply revitalift filler replumping tissue mask that contains ultra-concentrated hyaluronic acid, you achieve smooth and intensely hydrated skin. you will be good to glow with this illuminating and hydrating fixing spray which will set your makeup in place or can be used to reset and refresh your look throughout the day it features micro shimmer particles which leave your skin with a radiant dewy finish, perfect to complete your glowy makeup look available now £8€9.99$11 how do you like the limited packaging of our new beauty box quattro with golden accents? shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the must-haves for the full glow look all day everyday fast base glow stick 2 shades⁣ glow illuminate 3 shades⁣ fix glow primer⁣ fix glow fixing spray⁣ what will you be picking up? things we always seem to lose: hair elastics things we never want to lose: skin elasticity new advanced night repair improves skin elasticity think plumper, firmer, bouncier. in fact, after just 3 weeks, 91 of women said their skin felt more resilient... if only our hair ties could be as durable. tap to shop new consumer testing on 543 women. soft and so, so lightweight, the texture of new skinlongevity long life herb collection layers beautifully with the rest of your routine. have you tried the skin-strengthening formulas? available to shop @macys @theemfiles highlighter, bronzer and blush powder in one palette? you got it our bite-size face duo are packed with intensifying pigment that will go wherever you glow. did we mention only $3!? available on our website and @walmart click on the to explore more! @paox33 taking our breath away with her flawless complexion. she perfects her glam with our born this way matte foundation shade sand, hangover primer, born this way super coverage shades sand chestnut, born this way setting powder, born this way powder foundation, and hangover 3-1 setting spray! live like a queen like @vanessagyimah last chance to grab 40 off volume ii palette on morphe.com select morphe stores⁣ @rvisuals has a unique wavy-bristled wand designed to effortlessly style your lashes. use the wider portion to evenly lengthen and volumize. use the tapered tip to define each lash. shop mascara at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. calling all contour queens! let's settle the debate: cream or powder? ft. here is our highlight contour cream pro palette what makes new unlike any other serum in the world? after just 1 dropper, 90 of women agreed it absorbed quickly into the skin. making it that much faster for you to see results. consumer testing on 543 women. what an intense and beautiful glam look! will you try this look yourself? recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ just dropped stun like the city's skyline in our new @ultabeauty exclusive chillin’ in chicago! this vegan 16 color shadow palette and 7 piece eye brush set are all you need to capture the vibrant, artistic spirit of @hayleybui making us want to try straight brows again she perfects her brows using you asked us for this product and now it is here! the conceal glow foundation a buildable foundation for the ultimate radiance are you ready for that glow? hit the link in our bio to shop the shades £9.99€10.99$12 get creative in quarantine. our new light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow gives you two finishes for endless possibilities. how would you wear? shown above in laser, a deep plum primer with a violet shimmer topper do it with respect! if you're going to color your hair do it the right way with every box contains a... 1 protective cream 2 new gentle shampoo 3 lightweight nourishing mask to ensure you care and protect your scalp and hair as you color! with nourishing, antioxidant-rich prickly pear, pureness skincare collection is soothing for all skin types even the most sensitive skin. shop it in canada, exclusively @shoppersbeauty. spice up your glam with a bold lip! our melted matte shade pumpkin spice is the perfect finishing touch to capture all the fall feels. smells like pumpkin spice, too! how about some dramatic purple eye makeup for a change? this is what you need: eye designer applicator refill n°94 frosty mauve eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration eye designer applicator refill n°21a golden days mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet full waves curling mascara oh.my.god get ready. friends x revolution coming soon! tag your friends with your favourite emoji to share the excitement! the beauty, elegance and unique power of flowers are rooted in the creative dna of the house of christian dior. a floral inspired collage for @voguegermany by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. this weekend, keep calm and scrub apaisant is a soothing cleansing scrub, ideal for normal to sensitive scalp. it gently removes pollution particles and sebum from the hair. prone to oiliness and dandruff, scrub energisant will be more suitable for you. its formula with sea salt minerals will absorb balance oil production. just relax and enjoy the experience. don't mind @ladyhambybeauty's crown jewels happy sunday my loves!! hope you're all safe amazing! i’m sooo excited to let you guys know that we’re going to have some insane offers on hudabeauty.com over the next couple of days so make sure you stay up to date! right now we have 50 off all of our complexion products, which is crazy. you guys know we rarely ever do this but we love to treat you guys, so enjoy and happy shopping. love you guys so much!!! look details: foundation in macchiato @hudabeautyshop n.y.m.p.h. liquid highlighter eyeshadow palette @hudabeautyshop melted shadows ca$hmere robe penthouse suite includes: foundation, concealer, primers, easy bake, tantour nymph body highlighter what's 'glow' in your language?? blurring, perfecting, and shimmering face body glow! using shade “aphrodite” what's your fav complexion product?? thank you for these gorg shots my loves: @hosanna1992 @beautyblogshan @makeup.just.for.fun @beauty.by.taiba music up, makeup on! we’re remixing beautyscape this year with @umgbgram! get ready for makeup and music artistry to collide! enter for the chance of a lifetime: co-create el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be announcing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome! meet our matte must-haves! can't stop won't stop matte primer prep your complexion for a super-smooth foundation application a flawless matte finish. can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation slay all day with our longwear, waterproof foundation. control shine and mattify with the shockingly lightweight and pigmented af formula. can't stop won't stop foundation brush buff apply your perfect shade into the skin for a smooth-looking finish. get ready to add to cart! @ultabeauty’s 21 days of beauty are finally here and today only, our bestselling is available now for 50 off in-store and online! @houchinstagram @zyrken wing inspired by the windy city @makeupbytrinn is showing off her hustle in new bronze shadows from the chillin’ in chicago palette available only at @ultabeauty! pucker up @magnifythebeauty layered our mega last high-shine lipe colors in 'clothes off', 'pinky ring' and 'peach please' to achieve this rosy lip get it, girl: @walmart @target @amazon @walgreens... and always at wetnwildbeauty.com better together: watch how micro essence treatment lotion and new advanced night repair serum pair perfectly for fast penetrating moisture. start the week off right by taking control of your skin's visible future tap to shop this skincare celeb mua @brandyallen spills the tea on her transfer-proof tips tricks using some of our current faves: honey dew me up dewy setting spray can't stop won't stop foundation can't stop won't stop concealer 3 steps to sculpt face sculpting palette okkkk glow! @leesondraslays this radiant base using our bare with me tinted skin veil in 'beige camel' born to glow! naturally radiant foundation elevate your everyday lash look. @gabriellalaws wears lengthening curling mascara and available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. @beffyboobear eyes blue us away finish off your summer look with a wash of light-reflecting colour. @lisa.bartone applies hydra-light plumping lip balm in tide, a nude pink, to smooth and plump her lips. bronzed bene-baddie alert @vicmram wears hoola caramel matte bronzer to contour sculpt! the power is in the puff our born to glow radiant concealer is infused with micropearls to covers up blemishes, blur imperfections, and boost radiance! available online at nyxcosmetics.com it’s a winged liner kind of night. leave a below if you are reaching for our better than sex power couple tonight. stock up @sephora meet your match! two putty primers to help your keep your makeup on lock matte putty primer: achieve a shine-free matte complexion for oily skin. luminous putty primer: perfect for those who want a radiant, glowing complexion for drycombination skin. tap to shop each putty for $8 living for this subtle purple moment by @nataliadorbat she gets the look using our epic wear liner sticks in 'berry goth' on the rise volume liftscara born to glow radiant concealer in 'pale' with a vegan flake- and smudge-resistant formula, mascara gives you long, lifted lashes without making them look crunchy or clumpy. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. eyes on the prize create chic masterpieces with our new chillin in chicago eye brush set lush essentials featuring orange gradient metallized handles, specialized ferrules and two-toned vegan bristles shop exclusively @ultabeauty brow triple threat! pair our new with for gorgeous, budge-proof brows! shop the entire brow collection at @macys! spotted: @anacheri looking naturally gorgeous with her we can't wait to see all of the amazing make-up looks you create with the products of our new collection enter the new golden twenties. used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut this is not a drill get 20 off all makeup revolution products for 1 day only! tag a friend that needs to know exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com. full price items only new in! go easy on the eyes with new @revolutionskincare easy to apply eye creams! featuring doe-foot wands for hygienic application £8€9.99$12 each⁣ all vegan and cruelty-free⁣ revitalising caffeine eye cream like a latte for your under-eyes, caffeine is thought to help with de-puffing the eye area helping them look brighter and more awake. formulated with grape seed oil to help soften the skin whilst being easily absorbed⁣ cooling cucumber eye gel with hydrating and soothing cucumber, aloe and rose extracts to hydrate and soothe skin, glycerin to draw water into the skin, and squalane to provide a light and silky feeling that will leave the under-eye area soft and smooth⁣ colour perfecting eye cream formulated with colour correcting pigments plus niacinamide to help soothe skin and brighten and even skin tone which helps reduce the appearance of dark circles. jojoba oil to soften and condition the skin to prevent dry, flaky and dull under-eyes⁣ hydrating hyaluronic eye cream hyaluronic acid is a natural moisturising factor that helps to bind water and keep the skin hydrated. formulated with grape seed oil to help soften the skin whilst being easily absorbed, and cocoa and shea butter to help condition the skin to prevent dry, flaky or dull under-eyes⁣ toning retinol eye gel retinyl palmitate helps to even the skin tone and brighten the under-eye area whilst glycerin draws water into the skin and squalane leaves it feeling light and silky⁣ overnight eye cream with squalane for a light and silky formula that helps leave the under-eye area soft and smooth without being heavy or greasy. shea butter helps to soften and condition the skin to prevent dry, flaky or dull under-eyes, and evening primrose, lavender and sunflower seed oils nourish the skin 3 steps to excellence! new to at-home colorings? protect your hair as you color with our triple care system, it respects your... color with a protective cream scalp with a gentle shampoo hair with a lightweight mask wanna recreate this gorgeous purple eye make-up? then you need to check out our brandnew enter the new golden twenties collection! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°574558197525⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ we all scream for eye cream introducing our brand new easy to apply @revolutionskincare eye creams featuring a doe-foot wand for hygienic application, simply swipe along the orbital bone for smooth application without pulling the skin available in 6 formulations to target different concerns £8€9.99$12 each at revolutionbeauty.com all vegan and cruelty-free with the end of your summer holidays and the return to your normal city routine, you begin to find a trail of strands of hair on your clothes, on your brush, on the shower and then everywhere you go. it’s time to take action and give to your hair the anti fall care it needs with genesis! find your routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon https:hair-salons.kerastase.com and never be afraid of falling @alinaceusan genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. time is of the essence which is why we formulated pure color envy lipstick with a time-release moisture complex that captures moisture to infuse hydration for up to 8 hours! for full-on creme color that lasts, tap to shop to celebrate all our recent launches we're giving you the chance to win £€$100 to spend on our new drops we'll pick three winners on this post! good luck!⁣ to be in with a chance of winning all you have got to do is⁣ ️like this post⁣ ️follow us @makeuprevolution⁣⁣⁣ ️comment on this post and tag a friend⁣ tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 5pm gmt on thursday 3rd september 2020. three winners will be chosen at random on this post. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. the winners will receive a £€$100 gift voucher to use at revolutionbeauty.com, depending on their local currency. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. check out becca global brand ambassador emma chen on what makes the becca zero no pigment collection a summer essential and must-have. @madialis's skinlongevity long life herb serum is already 14 gone and she's got the skin to prove it. try the strengthening formula for yourself @sephora perfect lighting in a compact. customize your glow with our turn up the light highlighting palettes. available in 4 compacts with 3 different finishes @cultbeauty. love her!!!! @christinaabiola she's so gorg!! check her out my loves products used: @hudabeautyshop mercury retrograde palette in maple syrup 3d highlighter palette setting spray matte lipstick in girls trip when you can’t decide what look to go for, so you do it all smokey cut-crease, graphic liner, and a shimmery ombre shadow! boom! mercury retrograde palette light nude obsessions minted melted shadow @nasiabelli how far will you glow? don't forget we have our full face and body collection to meet all your glowy skin needs the perfect products to wear with the new conceal glow foundation⁣ radiance shimmer oil⁣ shimmer oil buffing brush⁣ molten body glow⁣ body blending brush⁣ splendour bronzer⁣ heatwave shadow palette⁣ beam dream illuminating primer⁣ are you the everyday, healthy glow type or do you go full-on bronze for the wow-factor? whatever your style, shop at revolutionbeauty.com how to use eyeshadow as liner @huda who's tried using eyeshadow as liner? step 1 use a light base all over your eye lid step 2 use a deep rich shade with a short angled brush to create an angled line just like you would with liquid liner step 3 apply mascara to complete your look mascara step 4 complete look using individual lashes on the outer edge of the eye feel like making a little trouble? the @sanrio my melody kuromi x wet n wild collection is now available at @walgreens! let out your inner kuromi with these bold hues @makeupbydevans took us to the stars and back w @suvabeauty's shop on morphe.com select stores. choose your favorite perfect color lipstick shade like our n°889 bridesmaid shown on the pic from more than 70 different options! go and get yours! image credits: @mechlersart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ neon dreams @sonjdradeluxe is giving us life in the downright dazzling take me back to brazil palette can you feel the breeze? we can...it's our get the ultimate full coverage finish with a weightless feel and ultra longwear. whatever concern you may have, we've got you covered! attn: all blush babes! introducing our new sweet cheeks soft cheek tint $9 this cream blush comes with a doe-foot applicator for easy application and the buildable 100 vegan-formula provides a natural finish with a lightweight, second-skin feel shop this cheeky collection online at nyxcosmetics.com srsly in love at first swipe our sheer slick and srsly satin lipsticks will give you intense pigment and color pay-off. tap to shop our best selling lip products it's all about that glowing finish! shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty gets the ultimate glow using our new conceal glow foundation along with more of our range glow foundation f13⁣ fix glow primer⁣ illuminate glow bronze⁣ fix glow fixing spray⁣ glow splendour bronzer medium⁣ renaissance flick brown⁣ shop now the stars of our collection, created to mark @metmuseum’s 150th anniversary lipstick trio set palette powder compact tap to shop the collection now before it’s gone! @themetstore us only estée lauder is donating 100 of the purchase price of each item within the estée lauder x met collection to the metropolitan museum of art, from august 2020 march 2021, or while supplies last. in awe of this glam by our babe @ashleyswagnerxo. she is flawless in our primed poreless primer, born this way matte foundation shade vanilla, and born this way super coverage concealer shade swan! even the shortest lashes in the corner of your eye are captured and separated perfectly by the curved brush of our full waves curling mascara. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro eyeshadows n°558, 574, 197, 525⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler in der farbe n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail laquer n°662 fall foliage⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hairmake upphotographyretouch: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @laratronick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ drop some in the comments below if you love highlighter! @solkangbeauty she's cute who else is loving the makeup trend? sara from the artistry team creates this blushy, monochromatic moment using our new fave duo: sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'baby doll' soft matte lip cream in 'milan' lean in. stylo yeux waterproof and pinceau kabuki retractable n°108. both retractable and there when you need versatility. the perfect bronze to wear with conceal glow for an all year-round tan glow splendour bronzers are large matte powder bronzers with an added coconut and pineapple fragrance for full on summer vibes shop all new revolution glow collection now bright beachy these island-inspired summer in st. tropez swatches scream fun in the sun our new sweet cheeks soft cheek tint collection is oh-so ft. here are the shades almost famous coralicious baby doll shop this cheeky collection online at nyxcosmetics.com what are your date night must-haves? ours include glowing skin with new advanced night repair, captivating color with pure color envy lipstick in bold face 332, and an unforgettable scent with tap to shop! like your mood or your body, your hair can be affected by life challenges and particularly stress. now that the summer vacation is over and you are going back to your normal routine in the city, these factors can deeply affect your hair causing hair-fall. let's talk about it with dr @laurascottandco, our dermatologist. get the look of microbladed brows without the blade with our new @beatsbydeb shows us how she uses it to fill in her brows with individual hair-like strokes! if you haven’t tried our hydrating camo concealer yet… what are you waiting for? this satin finish, longwearing, crease-proof and hydrating concealer checks all the concealer boxes for only $6 tap to shop! a monochromatic moment pro artist @muamartini creates this ultra soft makeup look using our sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'show girl' soft matte lip cream in 'prague' we're celebrating the launch of our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette with all the fall feels! can you guess all the words? hint: some of them are shade names soft creamy texture soft matte finish our soft matte lip cream in 'rome' is the perfect wash of color for a natural, everyday lippie hydra-light plumping lip balmin surge is the most comfortable plumping formula you'll ever feel, @hellogorgeouscrew said it best: this is such a comfortable formula without any of the uncomfortable tingle. i am head over heels for it and planning to pick up additional shades. out-of-this-world volume, no clunky brush it’s possible with mascara and its streamlined 360-degree slimpact brush! those neutral tones though create the easiest four-shadow smokey eye with our bite-size eyeshadows in the shade truffles tap to shop for $3! watch @lipsticknick create an effortless, glowy, no-makeup look using everything from our collection. drop a if you're going to re-create this look! cheetah girls, cheetah sisters @alemakeupbeauty finishes off this fierce face with our bellini blush palette only matching our lips to our blush from now on @shailah.leshe slays this soft monochromatic glam using our new dynamic duo: sweet cheeks soft cheek tint our og soft matte lip cream here's what you'll need to recreate the look: sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'almost famous' soft matte lip cream in 'amsterdam' epic ink liner shaped glitter in 'cosmic love' if you're a slytherin drop some to show your pride @emilyannecarden award-winning color. extreme wear. waterproof formula. play up your eyes with a rainbow range of gel eye crayon shades. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. christian dior had a passion for masked balls, this collage for @voguegermany by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, is inspired by one of the many fantastic masked balls that inspired christian dior so much. it’s called ‘dominos ball’. this brow transformation by @mybrowplug has us like this look created with the products of our new limited collection enter the new golden twenties says more than a thousand words. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new in! go easy on the eyes with 6 new @revolutionskincare easy to apply eye creams! revitalising caffeine eye cream cooling cucumber eye gel colour perfecting eye cream hydrating hyaluronic eye cream toning retinol eye gel overnight eye cream all vegan and cruelty-free⁣ available now £8€9.99$12 each stand tall. le volume révolution de chanel mascara, rouge coco gloss in excitation and rouge allure ink in choquant. staples for an intense look. our artdeco beauty @melike.od enters the new golden twenties with her make-up look how do you like it? we love it! you definitely need to try this autumn lip look with our matching lip products of our new limited enter the new golden twenties collection! mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ glowing all day long! nisha from @teamrevolutionbeauty gets the ultimate glow using our new conceal glow foundation in shade 10.5 available now £9.99€10.99$12 natural finished nails, gentle as petals, beautiful as a flower. polish up your summer looks with dior vernis 108 muguet or with dior vernis 413 grège. dior vernis 108 muguet dior vernis 413 grege natural is a style. marine vacth is wearing the new les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear in b30. a silky texture for a natural and luminous result that lasts 12 hours. hydrates and protects the skin. available in 35 shades. clinical evaluation on 21 women. happy tuesday my loves!! our flash sale is still ongoing and right now it’s buy one get one free on all lashes until 11pm gst tonight!! i would love to share with you guys the reason why we started our brand with lashes, why i’m really obsessed with them, and some of my faves. make sure to stock up on your favorite lashes too!!happy shopping! love you guys so much! comment your go-to below!! these are my absolute fav lashes for whenever i wear lashes. ranked by drama: samantha no liner needed super natural sasha farah so good with just liner alone hoodie amazing with a dramatic smokey eye or shadow liner is the ultimate skin superfood. it’s packed with essential vitamins and antioxidants, and it just so happens to be a key component of our revitalizing supreme global anti-aging cell power creme. tap to shop and get now. reminder: if you registered for our virtual vip skincare experience, it's tonight at 8:00pm edt5:00 pm pdt. get ready for an evening of self care with @teawithmd gangs all here! an entire line of foundations, concealers, and powders so flawless they’ll think you were born this way! fortifying the fiber and increasing hair resilience day after day, genesis will become your new partner to fight hair-fall especially after the return to work, school, or university now that the summer holidays are over! find your routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon: https:hair-salons.kerastase.com @salonentrenous genesis product assortment, ingredients, and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. we love matching our mask to our makeup, but when our mask rubs our foundation off? well, we have zero time for that. zero no pigment foundation smooths and perfects the appearance of skin without transfering onto your mask, because who has time to touch up their makeup? reawaken your sense with our full-spectrum cbd collection! formulated with skin-loving ingredients to help calm, revive and soothe the skin. 100 mg cbd facial oil: this fast absorbing facial oil is infused with marula and grapeseed oil with notes of refreshing japanese citrus and calming chamomile. 50 mg cbd moisturizer: hyaluronic acid and sweet almond oil in this lightweight gel-cream moisturizer work to hydrate and sooth while helping retain skin’s moisture. 50 mg cbd eye cream: soothe, brighten and depuff your under-eyes with hyaluronic acid and peptide complex in our cooling and super creamy eye cream. 50 mg body cream: gently massage this cream all over your body to soothe, moisturize and nourish you skin with argan oil and shea butter 5 mg lip oil: get smooth and supple lips with 5 mg cbd and sunflower seed oil. click the to shop have you tried our megaglo blushlighter? it's a heavenly duo... get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com looking at our brandnew perfect color lipstick shades, it's hard to select a favorite. which color do you like best?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lipstick swatches from left to right:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°819 confetti shower⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ sometimes the best things come in small packages treat yourself to a mini moment of happiness with travel-sized bestsellers! @gabrielle.shoots ready for the start of the school year? now's the time to find your ideal dior forever foundation shade. with a range of 67 hues, find your perfect match with dior forever for the most flawless complexion in the playground! dior forever 4n dior forever 8n dior forever 0n we're chillin' in chicago, wbu? elevate your eye looks with these beautiful nudes that offer intense pigment payoff. plus the perfectly paired eye brush set to create every look. and they're both vegan only available @ultabeauty! for the ultimate holiday vibes create a fresh, healthy glow to the skin with the revolution illuminate glow available in 3 shades £10€11.99$15 drench your lips in the intensely hydrating time-release moisture complex of pure color envy color replenish lip balm. apply as a base coat or wear it alone as an intensive moisture treatment with a hint of color. feelin' cheeky blush it up with our new sweet cheeks soft cheek tint $9 this creamy blush comes with a doe-foot applicator for effortless application every time available online at nyxcosmetics.com spotted at morphe upgrade your skincare shelfie with the latest additions to our shop them on morphe.com select morphe stores @frankbod @banilacousa global⁣ @lanolips @sweetchefskincare @bybibeauty self-care alert morphe give the best version of you with our latest additions to the shop them on morphe.com select morphe stores @humnutrition @patchology @grandecosmetics your stay at home complexion just got a major upgrade! pave over pores with our primed poreless powder powered by hyaluronic acid, a gentle form of retinol, vitamin c and vitamin e! let’s talk about being the baddest in the room w @sophchangnyc relax and recharge @joyjah uses our 100 mg cbd facial oil, 5 mg cbd lip oil and 50 mg cbd body cream. use the to shop the cbd collection we love this look! @estaregrams has created this full face glowy glam look with makeup revolution products products used are listed below:⁣ brows⁣ bushy brow pen: medium brown⁣ conceal define concealer: 12.5⁣ face⁣ conceal glow illuminating foundation f13⁣ conceal define concealer: 12.5⁣ conceal define concealer: 17.7⁣ glow splendour bronzer: medium⁣ translucent loose powder⁣ eyes⁣ illuminating skin perfector: champagne⁣ lips⁣ neutral satin matte lipstick: cashmere⁣ pout bomb plumping gloss: glaze @evabelibi is a sweet treat in our decadent truffle blush available @ultabeauty take a bite mua: @nicholerayartistry your new favorite superfood? long life herb. it's the boosted, skin-strengthening ingredient inside our newly formulated skinlongevity long life herb serum and your skin is going to love it. shop it now @sephora haircare hotties morphe love is in the hair with our latest additions to the shop them on morphe.com select morphe stores @frankbod @invisibobble ⁣global closed you're making us blush we are giving lucky beauties our new sweet cheeks soft cheek tint collection! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on september 1, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on september 2, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. for complete rules, visit https:bit.ly3hpro29 our lip care collection is infused with nourishing ingredients that plump your lips with moisture. keep your pout hydrated by day with pure color envy color replenish lip balm, and repair by night with pure color envy nighttime rescue lip oil-serum. exxtra exxtra! @xxrevolution has just dropped online @ultabeauty swipe to see what's poppin' it's time to add a lil' something exxtra to your makeup collection. this is a perfect example for a dramatic eye make-up we have in mind with our new limited enter the new golden twenties collection. how do you like it? recreate the look with these products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base eyeshadows n°197, 525, 558, 574 eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @topchiyanna microbladed brows at home?! has answered all our brow prayers @inmyseams let’s talk hydration. different skin types need different benefits. to visibly reduce redness and sensitivity, try pureness soothing light moisturizer. to reduce shine and the appearance of pores, go with poreless soothing light moisturizer. to protect skin and reduce visible signs of aging, you'll want skinlongevity vital power moisturizer. grunge but make it soft @shamelesslydia slays this inspired glam using our fave new monochromatic duo: sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'bombshell' soft matte lip cream in 'copenhaggen' available online at nyxcosmetics.com eyes that sparkle and shine. @richieshazam wears limited gold edition gel eye crayon. shooketh with this raichu artistry @watoniki what's your fave electric-type pokémon? @jaclyninwonderland on the instantly smoothing, plumping, and nourishing benefits of hydra-light. meet our new metallic eyeshadow trios whether you rock ‘em as liners or all over your lids, the lightweight formula is gonna be working it overtime. just swipe it on and let dry. then go on with your bad self. shop all 4 trios on morphe.com morphe select stores. add a little bit of spice to your glam! our pumpkin spicy eye shadow palette has 18 scented warm spicy shades that wrap you in the cozy, sexy warmth of a fall dream. @makeup.just.for.fun color outside the lines with our expert liquid liner’s ultra-fine brush tip and smudge proof formula tap to shop for only $3! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com add a pop of color to your eye look. glides on smoothly for all-day wear. which shade is catching your eye? super soft sugary sweet our iconic soft matte lip cream is still our go-to for an everyday, matte lippie ft. from top to bottom: beijing manilla transylvania when that golden hour hits @noelleplay⁣ brow gel: the ultimate finishing touch for your microbladed look shapes sets tints, tames volumizes gives a subtle brow highlight @alejayofficial compliments this gorgeous with our soft matte lip cream in 'rome' which shade of our og soft matte lip cream is your fave for an everyday slay? “can’t relate” matte setting spray shop now at @ultabeauty get the deep dish on shimmering eye looks with our new chillin' in chicago shadow palette grab your slice only @ultabeauty artdeco beauty @vgvisage shows her favorite look inspired by our new collection enter the new golden twenties. @revolvebeauty skip the sun damage add warmth to your look using a matte bronzer! @jdolls used @benefitcosmetics cult-favorite hoola bronzer on @tamikafawcett this is how our artdeco beauty @karo.cerni enters the new golden twenties the golden twenties are back! did you see the latest @revolutionskincare launch? go easy on the eyes with 6 new easy to apply eye creams! which ones will you be picking up?⁣ all vegan and cruelty-free⁣⁣ available now £8€9.99$12 each we've got all bases covered! 3 for 2 on all face makeup products has just started on revolutionbeauty.com! shop now automatically applied at checkout, cheapest item free. limited time only. regenerate and strengthen your hair with the sérum anti-chute fortifiant after your summer holidays! the serum maximizes the resilience to falling by strengthening the hair from the roots. it soothes the scalp and reinforces its natural protective barrier. apply 1 full pipette until the mark daily directly on your scalp, section by section, on dry or towel-dry hair. massage gently to activate the microcirculation and no not rinse. to get the best anti-fall results, follow this routine for 6 weeks minimum. the serum can also be used all year long to fortify your hair and prevent hair fall... featuring @chinutay genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. we can't deny the fact that this lipstick color of our new limited enter the new golden twenties collection instantly puts us in mood for fall season!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ quick! if you had to choose only one palette to wear the rest of the year, which would it be?! shot by: @fabbeautyboss repost @wishfulskin packed full of pineapple papaya enzymes, bhas ahas reposting the cutest @anthonyortez are you looking to strengthen your hair after the holidays? the sérum anti-chute fortifiant is your best friend. enriched with a potent combination of aminexil, edelweiss native cells and ginger root, this serum improves hair resistance to minimize hair-fall and maximize beautiful hair. @maijariga genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. ever wondered how to achieve the luminous glass-skin look? join @paulamarcos today at 1pm est on esteelauder.com, where she'll make it crystal clear on how to achieve this skincare trend! wow! those lashes are goals! so happy you love it darling @glambyrim!! repost @glambyrim let me tell you that this mascara is amazing! everything in this mascara is bomb the packaging the brushes and the formula! i’m in love i love the effect, the finish and the texture! this mascara creates a dramatic and voluminous effect! this legit lashes mascara deserves an oscar you guys should definitely get yours! how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get the perfect makeup look for going back to school? dior super potent serum dior forever 1n rouge blush 219 rose montaigne dior contour 999 rouge dior 999 glow get 'em these gorgeous fast base glow highlighter sticks are encased in a travel-friendly metallic retractable case, perfect to add an extra pop of glow throughout the day available in 2 shades £8€9.99£12 mid-week mood: hangover spray all day and keep your beauty hangover away with our hangover 3-in-1 setting spray. endless ways to wear. @abstractsmile created this glittery graphic eye using light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow using shade dusk, an olive green primer with golden shimmer topper. stunning glam by gorgeous @francinyehlke!! what’s your fav eyeshadow palette? repost @francinyehlke makeup details: foundation setting powder @hudabeautyshop palette minted lip contour @hudabeautyshop lip strobe tag a friend who needs to try these holy grails holy hydration! face cream: nourish, brighten and even skin-tone with hyaluronic acid, niacinamide, squalene, peptides and vitamin b5. lip lacquer: non-sticky, high shine gloss infused with vitamin e. what more could you need? acne fighting spot gel: this acne-fighting gel has salicylic acid, camphor and tea tree to kill bacteria as well as witch hazel, green tea and aloe to reduce redness and heal breakouts. 16 hr camo concealer: bite-size eyeshadows: get ultra-pigmented matte and shimmer color with these creamy and blendable shadows. poreless putty primer: smooth imperfections and grip makeup for all-day wear with our iconic preless putty primer. shop on elfcosmetics.com by clicking on the windy city vibe check @makeupbytrinn is blowing us away with this perfect chillin' in chicago bronzey wing show us how you're rocking this new new only @ultabeauty! beautiful on the inside, beautiful on the outside. power of good ambassador @naomiosaka is our feel-good inspiration today and always. join the summer sur l'eau team! create a stunning doe-eyed effect with our bambi eye false lash mascara. the waterproof formula, transforms your lashes, adding instant length and volume for long summer days. musky and feminine, warm and cozy... as fall comes closer, discover one of @aerin's bestselling fragrances, amber musk. tap to shop now! irl filter vibes the face primers blur the look of pores while addressing your skin’s individual needs! which one are you loving?! original give a moisturizing welcome to our latest addition to our @lanolips loved by celebrities beauty experts worldwide, lano treats dry lips skin with 100 cruelty-free lanolin. no artificial fragrances, parabens, sulfates, petrolatum, or mineral oil here, babe. is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores les beiges. new healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. an imperceptible texture for a natural and luminous result. hydrates and protects. longwear. available in 35 shades. shop the shades: les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear br152 les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b30 whatever the base, we have got you covered! all our foundations are now 3 for 2 including the new conceal glow foundation only at revolutionbeauty.com. automatically applied at checkout, cheapest item free. limited time only. @sophmartine slays this everyday base with our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'golden' this eye make-up lives up to the name of our new limited collection enter the new golden twenties. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ keep your summer glow long after the holidays are over with the dior forever skin glow foundation.try it today for a 24-hour perfect, glowy and luminous complexion! dior forever skin glow 3wp dior forever skin glow 1cr dior forever skin glow 2w only the essentials how many too faced products are on your vanity right now?! @hayleylouise.xo regram from @kahlanabarfield. i stan for highliner and cannot say enough about what makes the formula so good. it’s basically an intensely pigmented gel pot eyeliner with the ease of a pencil. it’s goes on super smooth doesn’t skip or tug your eyelids and it’s waterproof so it doesn’t move. i wear “blacquer,” but it comes in 33 shades. we are loving this look from @lenkalul i created this dewy base look using @makeuprevolution products! this foundation has a beautiful dewy finish and has medium to full coverage available globally at revolutionbeauty.com, us available at ulta, uk available are superdrug! products used:⁣ fix glow ultra glow primer⁣ conceal glow illuminating foundation in shade f4 with vitamin c⁣ illuminate glow illuminating skin perfector in shade champagne⁣ fix glow dewy finish setting spray come thru complexion! @alannahlewks slays this transfer-proof base using our essentials: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer makeup setting spray matte a breath of fresh air! can you feel the heat? no worries, your makeup doesn't have to suffer! our summer sur l'eau collection consists of 4 products that are both waterproof and heatproof to keep your face looking fresh from morning till night. how to use the sérum fortifiant anti-chute? use 1 dose of the serum daily in the morning of before going to bed following these 3 easy steps: step 1. the jelly like texture serum needs to be applied on dry or towel-dried scalp. step 2. divide your hair into sections step 3. apply the serum on the scalp and massage it gently before moving to the next section 1 dose 1 pipette until the mark. do not rinse. featuring @riccialexandra genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. the ultimate e.l.f. care routine @doralysbritto uses our 100 mg cbd facial oil, 50 mg cbd moisturizer, 50 mg cbd body cream, 50 mg cbd eye cream and 5 mg cbd lip oil. use the to shop the full spectrum cbd collection shine on with the lustrous shades of these metallic liquid eyeshadow trios meet them: vibrant spark metallic eyeshadow trio metallic flare metallic eyeshadow trio midnight heat metallic eyeshadow trio bare sizzle metallic eyeshadow trio living for this dark moonchild aesthetic by @ivanbaaaaah here's how he gets the look bare with me cannabis sativa seed oil spf 30 daily moisturizing primer bare with me tinted skin veil in 'natural soft beige' bare with me cannabis revitalize set multitasking spray dip, shape, go! longwear brow pomade in 'ash brown' filler instinct plumping lip color in 'beach casual' more than a liner. can be worn as a liner, an eyeshadow base, or a wash of color all over the lids. the super creamy formula blends out effortlessly, then sets for all-day wear. get your real hot girl on with @mualeahlangford and our get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com beyond the match: find the shade that flatters you most with stay-in-place makeup. our imatch virtual shade expert helps you find your ideal shade and try it on instantly link in bio. it’s amazing what a little will do to lift your brows and your mood! now this is our kind of party get the chillin' in shadow set hot and fresh at @ultabeauty! unbelievably resistant! for natural, fuller brows that will stay loyal to you all day, go for from our our summer sur l'eau collection! the formula is smudge-proof and waterproof, and dries in 90 seconds! “as i navigate and grow in my career, i want people to see not only just a black woman, but that a caribbean woman from a small island is making moves in an industry where they may not always see people that look like them or sound like them.” @jaleesajaikaran in this episode of our series, @tayehansberry is joined by mua @jaleesajaikaran, who has been in the beauty industry for 10 years. watch as they discuss jaleesa’s story and create an easy graphic eye look using in plumage and odysea. plus, tune in for a secret application tip for maximizing your lashes using mascara. the precision has entered the chat @maytahmi⁣ shop on morphe.com select morphe stores. if it looks this good alone, imagine how it looks on skin. backlight priming filter is formulated with an optical pearl blend to prep skin for makeup with a lit-from-within glow. keepin' it juicy with our filler instinct plumping lip color in 'bitten pout' the lippie that gives the perfect flush of color with 8 hours of hydration cozy up with your new fall fave! sweeten up your glam with our freshly baked pumpkin spice eye shadow palette! stock up @sephora. take a moment to refresh and re-center with the 50 mg cbd body cream made with argan oil and shea butter for head-to-toe hydration and nourishment shop using the oh the places we’ll glow take all this gorgeousness wherever you go the palette has everything you need to blush, bronze highlight like a rockstar! @leesondra completes this sultry, soft glam with a nude gloss she wears our filler instinct plumping lip color in 'beach casual' butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' for the perfect pout drinking up every last drop of @laurenrohrer’s killer look featuring bellini blush incredibrow @kenziemacbrown draws in the most natural-looking brows using our new handy, easy to use and beautiful at the same time: our eye designer applicator with the matching refill n°21a golden days. lovely artdeco beauty @jenniferczeczor and her look inspired by the golden twenties how do you like her interpretation? our latest drop from @revolutionskincare is easy on the eyes! swipe to see which of our 6 new eye creams is best for you dive in! wondering how @thelumagrothe created this effortless serene look? she used our summer sur l'eau collection, our most waterproof and heatproof collection yet! it keeps your face looking fresh and intact no matter how hot it is outside! has the first dual anti-fall action haircare designed to reduce hair-fall from the roots and hair fall from breakage. fine hair, thick hair, oily roots, dry lengths... we care for every hair! with genesis we designed tailored made routines against hair-fall to suit all needs and all hair types. @raquelstrada found her routine. what’s yours? discover your hair care routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon https:hair-salons.kerastase.com available in france at @nocibefrance genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. we just love our brandnew and limited beauty box quattro with golden accents. shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ les beiges during the day. marine vacth is wearing the new les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear in b30. available in 35 shades. omg how beautiful is @kayali's latest addition?! rollerball featuring musk 12 vanilla 28 for effortless layering wherever you go available exclusively on hudabeauty.com did you know that 88 of women experience hair loss without a real medical cause? this can be due to various factors including a dietary deficiency. healthy hair starts with a healthy diet. stay tuned, today at 9pm paris time dr. meghan rossi, @theguthealthdoctor, will explain which key nutrients you need to nourish your hair from inside out. @beatrizbarhouch genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. glow all out with the radiance shimmer oil shake it up and glow! revolution face and body radiance shimmer body oil will leave you with a stunning shimmer sheen, infused with a coconut and pineapple fragrance.⁣ use the revolution body brush to blend and buff into the collarbones, shoulders, arms and legs, for an all-over celestial afterglow lasting makeup for a lasting summer! the bambi eye false lash waterproof mascara makes sure you don't have to worry about a thing, no matter where you are! doesn't matter whether you're at the beach or experiencing the heat in the city, its waterproof and heatproof formula has got you covered. glowing into the long weekend with a trio of our favorites. who's with us? endless summer highlighter in shade joy barepro glow highlighter in shade fierce complexion rescue tinted moisturizer @agaburza add some art to your beauty routine with our limited edition collection. in celebration of @metmuseum’s 150th anniversary, we’ve brought art to life across this collection featuring a lipstick trio, 6-shade eyeshadow palette and gorgeous metal powder compact. tap to shop the entire collection now! @themetstore @carolynmurphy estée lauder is donating 100 of the purchase price of each item within the estée lauder x met collection to the metropolitan museum of art, from august 2020 march 2021, or while supplies last. us only. see why we call it liquified light? @lifeoftanyamarie adds an effortless pearlized glow to her face and body using ignite liquified light highlighter in strength, a radiant bronze pearl that reflects gold. glow glow glow @thisisaeema shows us how to build your makeup routine with the full glow range for the ultimate glowy finish products used;⁣ @makeuprevolution; brows: soap brows⁣ @makeuprevolution; mascara: big lash xl volume mascara⁣ @makeuprevolution; illuminator illuminate glow “gold”⁣ @makeuprevolution; foundation conceal glow “f10.5” mediumfull coverage with vitamin c lotus flower extract!⁣ @makeuprevolution; concealer @xxrevolution cx4⁣ @makeuprevolution; blush blush palette⁣ @makeuprevolution; highlight- @xxrevolution xxposure highlighter multi dimensional powder “echo”⁣ song @wxveyhex froze bring out your rouge dior 999 matte for the boldest red lips to stand out at your morning coffee break rouge dior 999 matte spotted: born this way ambassador winner @alegriajimenez looking absolutely flawless! she wears our born this way matte foundation shade sand, born this way super coverage concealer shade shortbread, and our turn up the light highlighter shade medium. giveaway time we're celebrating the end of summer by teaming up with our favorite swimwear brand @lspace. enter to win $200 worth of our newest clean skincare and makeup essentials, plus a $250 gift card to @lspace. here's how to enter: 1. follow @lspace and @bareminerals. 2. like and save this post. 3. tag a friend in the comments. each separate comment is an entry! bonus: share this post to your story for an extra entry. no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends september 5, 2020 at 11:59 pm et see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: https:bit.ly31rzly6. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. brunch to-go plz this delish collection is now @ultabeauty! get this free makeup bag with every $25 bh purchase made in their stores until 919 while supplies last! the perfect lipstick color for every season: our hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis. image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @inthemeantimeinberlin mua: @yasminnourallah photographer: @mo.ciftci⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ retouch: @retouchertogzhan @aafrrin just casually giving us that out of the shower look inspired by @mianjelica your dream come true! the perfect pair to keep your skin looking its best keep you balance toner $8: this gentle toner removes impurities and refreshes the skin with hyaluronic acid, witch hazel and aloe. hydrating coconut mist $8: lightweight, hydrating facial mist moisturizes the skin and refreshes makeup with an invigorating scent. tap to shop @lorealwphoto soft matte lip cream in 'london' our favorite type of nude shop this cult favorite lippie at nyxcosmetics.com whether you take your coffee black or with cream, you'll purr over our line time for a pink-me-up! get free shipping on all orders at benefitcosmetics.com through 97 with code: goodship! @labeautygirly07 the conceal glow foundation for the ultimate radiance are you a glow getter? check out the link in our bio to shop the shades £9.99€10.99$12 3 for 2 on all face on revolutionbeauty.com automatically applied at checkout, cheapest item free. limited time only. long-lasting lashes for long summer days summer isn't quite over yet and you're surely gonna have a last jump into the water, right? use our bambi eye waterproof mascara for an intense and lasting look, also by the sea! warm. inviting. iconic. seasonless. lipstick in carnal 520: a red to rule them all. catch this smokey eye beat w our nyx pmu pro artist @makemeupchris! three perfectly coordinated color nuances with pearl are included in our limited blush couture and conjure up an elegant shimmering finish on your cheeks. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro eyeshadows n°558, 574, 197, 525⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler in der farbe n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail laquer n°662 fall foliage⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hairmake upphotographyretouch: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @laratronick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ matte or gloss? winner has been contacted via dm vote for your fave via emoji below and we'll surprise one lucky babe with a too faced lippie haul! did you see the @iheartrevolution news today? this collections going to mocha you crazy! take a sip of the brand new steaming hot coffee collection! words cannot espresso how much we love this i heart revolution mini espresso palette warm up your complexion with the tasty coffee bronzers rise and grind with the i heart revolution latte eyeshadow palette we like this coffee menu, a latte! get your hands on the full coffee collection now⁣ cruelty-free and vegan give a skincare welcome to our latest addition to our @banilacousa this k-beauty brand is bringing you the cult-classic cleansing balm, clean it zero, which is a balm-to-oil that texture cleanses, exfoliates, removes makeup without stripping skin is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! lilac lines to match your look. in mist me? lets you dress your eyes. summer is all about having fun and you might have let go of your regular diet. but healthy habits are key to get healthy hair! watch dr. meghan rossi, @theguthealthdoctor as she explains how nutrition can affect hair-fall, and how to prevent hair-fall to happen. so soft, so smooooth our soft matte lip cream in 'milan' has us drooling so easy, you could do it in your beauty sleep @makeupbyyolanda shares her 5-minute brow routine using: conditioning primer cakeless concealer she's golden @heyyyitsmimi is a masterpiece in metallic chillin' in chicago shadows get yours only @ultabeauty! @yaama layers a gloss over our soft matte lip cream in 'abu dhabi' to complete this gorgeous smokey eye skincare or makeup? with you don’t have to choose! futurist hydra rescue pairs skin-loving ingredients like chia seed extract and probiotics with comfortable, medium-to-full coverage. love futurist foundation? tell us why! intense color payoff. bold matte finish. @federicamakeupart wears in mist me? paired with our bestselling mascara. @lisette gets glowy as e.l.f. with our full spectrum cbd collection formulated with ingredients your skin will love and help to revive, calm and soothe. click on the the to shop @theartoflipstick puts her own spin on a double-winged eye using light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in dusk, an olive green primer with golden shimmer topper @frankbod's original face scrub gently buffs away dry skin and gets you glowing in less than one minute like @thebirdspapaya shop on morphe.com select morphe stores the perfect pair let your light shine with our complexion-enhancing born this way eye shadow highlighting palettes. available @sephoramiddleeast. feeling nostalgic what was your first shade of soft matte lip cream line it, smudge it, or wear it as an eyeshadow. how do you style with tell us in the comments below. @makeupwithlaceyy completes this pretty in pink with our soft matte lip cream in 'london' eyes primed and ready our putty eye primer in the shade sand can be used alone for a matte eye color or under eyeshadow to boost intensity and long wear. tap to shop for $5 @lianev pouring us a cup of me-yowza with her look using our shadow palette and glosses! get them @ultabeauty and wetnwildbeauty.com in love with these striking neon swatches ️trendy in tokyo's vibrant hues willl keep you going 247 @ariellebriannabeauty big bang, little bang mini has all the explosive volume of the full-size packed into one tiny-but-mighty tube what a glamourous eye make-up! the perfect look for every occasion you want to dress up to. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ forever flawless friday! wear it your colourway! honey, we shrunk the popular forever flawless palettes, to offer you 8 convenient mini eyeshadow palettes the revolution forever flawless dynamic palettes come in 8 different colour stories swipe to see them all forever flawless dynamic serenity⁣ forever flawless dynamic everlasting⁣ forever flawless dynamic ambient⁣ forever flawless dynamic mesmerized⁣ forever flawless dynamic eternal⁣ forever flawless dynamic ebony⁣ forever flawless dynamic dynasty⁣ forever flawless dynamic tranquil⁣ buy 3 forever flawless dynamic palettes and get the 4th for free! limited time only only on revolutionbeauty.com £6.99 €7.99 $9 cruelty free⁣ vegan⁣ keep watching our grid as you might see a new addition to our forever flawless family today! forever flawless friday! also launching today look and feel flawless with the new forever flawless affinity palette⁣ with 18 matte, shimmer and marbled pressed glitter eyeshadows, you’ll be spoilt for choice! £12€11.99$15⁣ cruelty free⁣ vegan who else is obsessed with purple right now?? you look amazing @ayanshafag products used- scrub: wishful yo glow enzyme scrub @wishfulskin moisturizer: wishful honey balm jelly moisturizer with a moisturizing wand tool @wishfulskin foundation: hudabeauty foundation @hudabeautyshop concealer: contour: eyeshadow: eyeshadow palette eyeliner: mascara: @hudabeauty double-ended mascara highlighter: n.y.m.p.h. all over highlighting powder want to see swatches of the new 8 flawless dynamic palettes? swipe to see them all! forever flawless dynamic serenity⁣ forever flawless dynamic everlasting⁣ forever flawless dynamic ambient⁣ forever flawless dynamic mesmerized⁣ forever flawless dynamic eternal⁣ forever flawless dynamic ebony⁣ forever flawless dynamic dynasty⁣ forever flawless dynamic tranquil⁣ buy 3 forever flawless dynamic palettes and get the 4th for free! limited time only £6.99 €7.99 $9 cruelty free⁣ vegan wear it your colourway! we have not just launched 1, but forever flawless dynamic palettes today! @tias.mua is going for the purples using the mesmerized palette! she’s so gorgeous!!! @dinalsharif what’s your makeup must-have? let us know in the comments below prime lips les beiges. all the shades of intuitive makeup for a natural, healthy glow. les beiges new foundation available in 35 shades. shop the products hydra beauty micro crème healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b30 healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b152 healthy glow sheer colour stick n°23 on top of using the correct care products, you need to massage your scalp regularly to activate micro-circulation. our hairdresser @davidlucasparis shares his tips to get the best hair. have you fallen in love with the new forever flawless affinity palette shades yet? features 18 matte, shimmer and marbled pressed glitter eyeshadows an array of blush, warm transition hues and shimmery rich pinks, you’ll be spoilt for choice! swipe to see swatches cruelty free⁣ vegan⁣ £12€11.99$15 shower your loved ones with kisses with the new dior lipsss instagram filter, inspired by this beauty shot by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, and @pierredebusschere in the guru issue of @exhibitionmag. try it out and share this new 3d experience by tagging your friends and family. link in bio! long week? this pull up the covers wind down for the weekend with new advanced night repair serum and eye supercharged complex! this skincare helps promote the skin’s natural repair process, helping you look refreshed and renewed overnight. regram: @esteepromilanburge get ready. keep an eye on us to be the first to see the becca x barbie ferreira drop. @barbieferreira here's hoping your long weekend is as relaxing as baby malú's first bath. @malugolden still dreaming about our melted chocolate eye shadow? us too! our chocolate-scented melted chocolate eye shadows are available in 8 different shades and can be worn alone for an airbrushed finish or as a pigmented primer! we have fallen in love with this look from @bykatieeve using the new forever flawless affinity palette with the ultimate eye base for crease-free perfection! new product alert are you ready for more our next installment of light, multipurpose makeup keeps it simple yet stunning⁣⁣ featuring: brow crush tinted brow gel available in 5 shades $7 happy glaze lipgloss available in 5 shades $9⁣ gleamcatcher illuminator available in 3 shades $14 l-balm lip balm available in 4 shades $8 prep polish lip scrub $8 collection launch dates: 9.10 on morphe.com⁣⁣ 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣ “what makes you a barebeauty?” get to know the community. meet @tiffbytiffany favorite bare product: my favorite product is complexion rescue tinted moisturizer best beauty advice: don’t ever try to hide your unique beauty; enhance it! follow @tiffbytiffany for more content glitter speaks louder than words our liquid glitter eyeshadows deliver high-impact mutli-dimensional glitter with one swipe so your eyelids can do the speaking for you tap to shop for $5! just a lil' angelic pink moment @sarahjessicamakeup is bronzed to perfection in our belgian waffle palette soft girl aesthetic starter pack sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in '-coralicious' for a soft blushy nose soft matte lip cream in 'kyoto' for a flushed blurred lip “my skin has been loving the new and improved advanced night repair serum! it’s only been a few days and my skin feels so radiant and hydrated also, the new luxury glass bottle is such a vibe! it’s so sleek, modern silhouette and recyclable.” @secretofdd on why she's a part of tell us why you love new in the comments! who says you can’t wear a bold lip with a bold eye? @christianschild created this daring look on @sarameyn for @bazaarthailand using in blacquer. photography by: @benjaminbecker styling by: @lukasblasberg the thing we love the most about our beauty box quattro is that you can mix match different single eyeshadows of our product range however you like to! shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°614 fading⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the new revolution forever flawless dynamic palettes come in 8 different colour stories featuring intense colour poppin' shades, from purples greens reds or blues or opt for cooler tones with the smokey, gold, pink and neutral edits. each filled with 8 pans of glitters, foils, mattes and shimmer top tip! apply your neutral tones and then layer on top with a colour pop palette⁣ team these with the ultimate eye base for that guaranteed eye makeup that lasts so much longer.⁣ buy 3 forever flawless dynamic palettes and get the 4th for free! limited time only only on revolutionbeauty.com hint. tint. glow. like @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio w more ⁣mua: @lipsticknick new product release dates: 9.10 on morphe.com⁣⁣ 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣ how many delicious queen bee looks can you create with our palette and glosses? probably a bzzzillion find our ice cream bee products @ultabeauty and wetnwildbeauty.com glossy @slaybyjess pairs our with to define her brows! from playing up your eyes brows to keeping lips plumped with moisture, @heidyasanchez shows you how-to make your makeup pop while wearing a mask! shop the look: eye concentrate matrix: https:estee.cm3jk0ozz stay-in-place makeup in 5w1 bronze: https:estee.cm3gxe1ks double wear radiant concealer in 3w: https:estee.cm2dunpmd eyeshadow palette in currant desire: https:estee.cm2f71vum double wear eye pencil in onyx and coffee: https:estee.cm3i60bh6 featherlight brow enhancer in dark brunette: https:estee.cm2zoah5d brow now volumizing brow tint in light brunette: https:estee.cm2z9hqgl sumptuous rebel length lift mascara: https:estee.cm2f55f66 pure color envy lip repair potion: https:estee.cm2qu8yj9 pure color envy nighttime rescue lip oil-serum: https:estee.cm31ywiez release the power! our dermatologist-validated, filler hyaluronic acid ampoules contain 7 doses of pure hyaluronic acid to visibly plump skin. after 1 ampoule, skin looks visibly smoother and feels hydrated. after 7 ampoules, skin appears healthier, replumped, and wrinkles are visibly reduced. long-weekend glam @realtaylorrose wears our born this way super coverage concealer shade warm sand. new advanced night repair cushions skin with ingredients you skin-loving peptides, ferments, anti-oxidants, and hyaluronic acid—with none of the ingredients you don’t! tap to shop new @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio are fresh and glowing in everything are you ready for more? new product releases coming 910 featuring: brow crush tinted brow gel available in 5 shades $7 happy glaze lipgloss available in 5 shades $9 gleamcatcher illuminator available in 3 shades $14 l-balm lip balm available in 4 shades $8 prep polish lip scrub $8 collection launch dates: 9.10 on morphe.com 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething 10.27 @meccamaxima a long weekend means extra time to daydream about white sand beaches, right?! get transported to the tropics with our hangin' in hawaii 16 color shadow palette on sale for $12 rn! if you loved our forever flawless allure palette, you will love our forever flawless affinity palette that launched today! check out all these shades! drop a comment below and let us know what you think feelin' cheeky with @areyoukitty backstage during our sweet cheeks soft cheek tint campaign shoot ft. here is the shade coralicious our ampoules cure fortifiantes anti-chute are specially designed for intense periods of hair-fall. the ampoules replace the sérum and act as a shot of pure actives, with aminexil 1.5 to reduce hair-fall, ginger root to protect hair cells, resveratrol to fight oxidation and viperide a botox like a peptide. they will work on slowing down the shedding process, protect your hair cells, reduce hair fall, fight oxidation. the fiber is stronger, more beautiful. use one full ampoule every day in a 6 weeks course treatment as soon as you experience intense peaks of fall. product not available in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. our new sweet cheeks soft cheek tint collection is everything we've ever dreamed of @lapetitechicmommy swatches the full collection which cheeky shade is calling your name? color outside the lines. style your eyes with gel eye crayon. reasons we love it lengthens and lifts, is smudge-proof, and has special staggered bristles for real results! available at @sephora! @gabrielle.shoots @thecemrek coming at you with an out-of-this-world combo: celestial shades from galaxy chic a vibrant pop of take me back to brazil @lilasheen completes this bright, berry with our soft matte lip cream in 'abu dhabi' how to pose like a queen: @noelleplay we took your fav skin perfecting primer and added a velvety texture, kaolin clay and white charcoal to create the perfect matte finish tap to shop for our matte putty primer for $8 stars and stripes. national artistry ambassador @christianschild created this graphic look on @sarameyn for @bazaarthailand using gel eye crayon in blacquer. photography by: @benjaminbecker styling by: @lukasblasberg we are so excited to announce our collab with our bff @mariale! for the next 24 hours only we are having a super secret pre launch sale on toofaced.com and if you purchase in the next 24 hours you could be one of the lucky 15 who receive a signed palette from @mariale! regram @mariale i can’t believe it our @toofaced collab is here! we’ve been working on this baby for over 2 years and i’m so happy to share with you “amor caliente” this is a dream come true and i’m so grateful to everyone that made this possible, specially @jerrodblandino could not have done it without you it’s available to shop today but only for 24hrs as a super secret pre launch only for you guys, thank you for helping make all my dreams come true and believing in me when not many did giveaway closed congrats @jennayt! thank you to everyone who participated! one lucky winner will win everything here from our latest skincare additions to our @sweetchefskincare, @frankbod, @bybibeauty, @banilacousa, @lanolips⁣ what you'll win: @sweetchefskincare ginger vitamin c fresh-pressed sheet mask @frankbod original coffee scrub⁣⁣ @frankbod original face scrub @frankbod lip scrub @bybibeauty strawberry booster @bybibeauty cbd booster @lanolips 101 ointment multipurpose superbalm @banilacousa clean it zero 3-in-1 cleansing balm original how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣, @sweetchefskincare, @frankbod, @bybibeauty, @banilacousa, @lanolips⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: fave part of your skincare routine? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 9720 at 11:59 pm pst. the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd on 9820. daydreaming of fall lipstick, wbu? which shade of our iconic soft matte lip cream is giving you major 16 cairo 18 prague 19 cannes 20 copenhagen 21 transylvania 23 berlin 25 budapest 27 madrid 32 rome 34 dubai 36 los angeles it’s coming. check out @refinery29 to be the first to see what’s next from becca. @barbieferreira @michellephan can take us to breakfast at tiffany’s any day here for the smoke show @jeamkin gets her brows on point using: brow powder in shade 5 volumizing brow gel in shade 3 in shade 5 @dilikikka is putting the eye in eyes, lips, face products featured: 16hr camo concealer in light sand, ultra precise brow pencil in brunette, wow brow gel in brunette and h2o proof eyeliner pen. tap to shop too much makeup? said no one ever stock up on your faves this weekend everything on our site is up to 75 off for tap that to get shopping loves and with this two toned lippie by @jomjamspch she mixes our soft matte lip cream in 'abu dhabi' 'cannes' to get the perfect, nude matte lip throwback to past adventures what was your last vacation destination?! who could resist this glamourous golden make-up look in the style of the twenties? products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ dropped this week!⁣⁣ swipe to see everything we launched this week!⁣⁣ @revolutionskincare eyecreams⁣ forever flawless affinity palette⁣ 8 forever flawless dynamic palettes⁣ what will you be buying? comment below dropped this week!⁣⁣ swipe to see everything we launched this week!⁣⁣ @revolutionskincare eyecreams⁣ forever flawless affinity palette⁣ 8 forever flawless dynamic palettes⁣ what will you be buying? comment below the new forever flawless dynamic eyeshadow palettes wear it your colourway!⁣ we have shrunk the popular forever flawless palettes, to offer you 8 convenient mini eyeshadow palettes the revolution forever flawless dynamic palettes come in 8 different colour stories swipe to see them all forever flawless dynamic everlasting⁣ forever flawless dynamic serenity⁣ forever flawless dynamic ambient⁣ forever flawless dynamic mesmerized⁣ forever flawless dynamic eternal⁣ forever flawless dynamic tranquil⁣ forever flawless dynamic ebony⁣ forever flawless dynamic dynasty⁣ buy 3 forever flawless dynamic palettes and get the 4th for free! limited time only only on revolutionbeauty.com colorful liner is the best way to bring out your eyes! get the look with in 4 easy steps! which one of your friends would this look? marine vacth is wearing the new les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear in b30. a radiant and luminous complexion all day long. available in 35 shades. the perfect glamourous nude lip color brings our perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream! makeup hack!!! apply your contour and highlight first, before your foundation! this gives you a flawless natural base. comment below if you're giving this a try! products used tantour in medium faux filter foundation in amaretti @youngcouture makeup hack!!! apply your contour and highlight first, before your foundation! this gives you a flawless natural base. comment below if you're giving this a try! products used tantour in medium faux filter foundation in amaretti @youngcouture make an entrance that will stop everyone in their tracks with the iconic rouge dior 999! makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. rouge dior 999 thanks for helping us raise $1m! in honor of the united nations’ we're celebrating the 3 organizations we support through the fund: @girlrising, @stepupwomensnetwork and @grameenamerica. don't forget: today and every day, your purchase empowers women. a little saturday pink-me-up! our lip injection maximum plump hydrates, nourishes, and visibly plumps lips intensely, immediately, and over time! pick your fave! @tias.mua has created 3 looks using our new forever flawless dynamic palettes today! swipe to see them all comment below and tell us which look you love the most! go blue or go home! time to enjoy an incredibly rich color around your eyes using our eyeshadow in '11 worth it' and in ‘turquoise’. ooops, we forgot to mention! don't forget to make your brows and lashes pop with a few strokes of and mega mascara. et voila, thank us later! shade 5 hits different what's your fave? weekend deal alert grab 30 off select morphe products on morphe.com select morphe stores @iampatcortez hustle and bustle in the new chillin' in chicago shadow palette: 16 silky-smooth mattes shimmering metallics in ultra-pigmented vegan colors available for a limited time only at @ultabeauty soft matte lip cream in 'cannes' the perfect peachy nude available online at nyxcosmetics.com is there anything more to say about this twenties inspired look than just wow!? we love it!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°558, 574, 197, 525⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @helenaurica⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographyretouch: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ are you ready to win $10,000?! we’re remixing beautyscape this year with @umgbgram! get ready for makeup and music artistry to collide! enter for the chance of a lifetime: co-create el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be announcing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome by 918! gimme a hint of tints! which one of our iconic, mask-proof lip cheek stains are you loving?! @dmeeworld we love a sexy-natural look! create endless flawless looks with our natural face and eye palettes! tap to shop @sephora dreaming of powder blue hues. style your eyes with gel eye crayon in deja blue. add some art to your beauty routine with our limited edition collection. in celebration of @metmuseum’s 150th anniversary, we’ve brought art to life in this collection featuring an palette, trio, and powder compact! tap to shop now! @themetstore @carolynmurphy estée lauder is donating 100 of the purchase price of each item within the estée lauder x met collection to the metropolitan museum of art, from august 2020 march 2021, or while supplies last. @imjohngeorge from the western europe education team serves his poutiest inspired look using our ultimate soft aesthetic combo: sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'nude'tude' soft matte lip cream in 'abu dhabi' meet your latest forever flawless palette, affinity! 18 matte, shimmer and marbled pressed glitter eyeshadows in 1 palette when hair-fall becomes a real concern, your hairdresser can jumpstart your efforts and hold onto your hair with a powerful genesis salon protocol. don’t forget to visit your favorite salon after your summer break and let your hairdresser take care of your hair! genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. fans wya? drop the love for the naturally radiant formula @keonixzamora the stars just aligned for @lindamaksimova’s frosty pastel purple look bag our 18 color galaxy chic palette for under $8 this weekend only! plays on repeat this mixing video has us completely mesmerized ft. here is our sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'almost famous' 'showgirl' brow microfilling pen faq is there a shade for me answer: yes! the 4 versatile shades were created with our existing shade range in mind— swipe through to find your perfect match! copper is the new gold! turn it up a notch and go for an iconic bronze eyeshadow look with a striking statement eyeliner! all you need is eyeshadow eyeliner in 07 copper' mega mascara omg @jerrodblandino the @mariale amor caliente pre-release drop is now sold out! i am so proud of this palette of mar!! don’t worry if you didn’t get your hands on this palette it launches 913 on toofaced.com! nothing makes us glow quite like a good sale shop 60 off select beauty now on elfcosmetics.com! all things are possible with a flawless stay-in-place flawless concealer is mask-friendly– it's transfer-resistant and sweat and humidity-resistant, so you remain flawless no matter the circumstance tap to add one of our favorites to your makeup collection. pops of pastel. @briggsrudder wears in deja blue. @snitchery serves up major e-girl vibes with this super cute transformation she uses our og epic ink liner to get the look vivify. electrify. this is prismatica. gee thanks, just bought it shop our and get up to 75 off allll the goodies only on our site while it lasts meet brow crush tinted brow gel a lightweight gel that fills, grooms, and shapes your beautiful brows. available in 5 shades: blonde⁣ medium brown⁣ auburn deep brown⁣ soft black⁣ collection launch dates: 9.10 on morphe.com⁣⁣⁣ 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣ chrome exterior, bold interior. bestselling gel eye crayon is designed to give intense color payoff with all-day, waterproof wear. we're having major liner envy over @aomjin's perfect wing she uses our cult fave epic ink liner for a precise pigmented liner @makeupemalii giving us that sun kissed glow she wears our born this way matte foundation shade porcelain. oh my! we're tickled pink with @adrilunamakeup's @sanrio my melody look @itslikelymakeup spills the tea on how to achieve her signature look using some of our current faves here's what you'll need: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer highlight contour pro palette micro brow pencil california beamin glow booster bare with me cannabis cheek color in 'orange zest' dewy setting spray epic ink liner on the rise volume liftscara soft matte lip cream in 'stockholm' @symphanisoto practices e.l.f. love with our cbd collection products featured: 50 mg cbd body cream 50 mg cbd moisturizer 5 mg cbd lip oil click on the to shop fluff yes! @makeupwithnaya fakes an ultra fluffy eyebrow look with in deep brown in shade 4! easy as our new makes getting a microbladed look at home just that simple! pro tip: keep yours nice inky by storing the pen upside down with the cap tightly closed! omg ....glitter something super shiny's dropping tomorrow who's gonna be first to bag this bling?!? we love the special design of our brandnew and limited blush couture both from inside and out. enter the new golden twenties by @julia.schulzeofficial do you want to recreate her look? here we go: eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator limited edition refill n°21a golden days full waves curling mascara limited edition blush couture limited edition mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf perfect color lipstick n°819 confetti shower art couture nail lacquer n°662 fall foliage keep it excellent! revive your look with a super rich color using our kit in the shade '4 brown'. it covers 100 of greys and will protect your hair at all costs, so you won't be disappointed! it’s back to reality ish! never has september felt more brutal… back to work back to the office back to school back to life time to get your game face on with our essential autumn edit, all with 20 off, today only on revolutionbeauty.com⁣ selected lines only. head to revolutionbeauty.com to find out more it’s back to realityish for some! revolution has you covered with all our anti-bacterial products we launched earlier this year! multi-use anti-bacterial hand cleansing spray⁣ anti-bacterial base fix fixing spray⁣ anti-bacterial hydrating essence spray⁣ anti-bacterial brightening essence spray⁣ anti-bacterial brush cleansing spray⁣ hand cleansing gel 3 pack perfect for your handbag!⁣ hand cleansing gel⁣ all with 20 off, today only to help you on your way! shine bright like a diamond thanks to our new limited enter the new golden twenties collection! get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ satin, matte or metallic? @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, tells you everything you need to know about the iconic rouge dior 999. which one are you? rouge dior 999 rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior 999 metallic les beiges. all the shades of intuitive makeup for a natural, healthy glow. les beiges new foundation is available in 35 shades. shop the products healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b30 healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b152 healthy glow sheer powder n°12 healthy glow sheer colour stick n°23 another 'back to the new-normal' essential! introducing our superdewy perfecting putty primer that came into stock last week! a hydrating priming balm injected with hyaluronic acid for a poreless, smooth skin canvas cruelty free⁣ vegan the masque reconstituant is a fortifying masque for weakened hair, prone to falling due to breakage. apply the mask on lengths and ends and leave it in for 5 minutes. rinse thoroughly and it is done! genesis masque reconstituant’s formula intensely nourishes, detangles, and reinforces the hair fiber to reduce hair fall due to breakage. @erikofnorwaysalonspa genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. excellent from root to tip! want to darken your hair, but afraid to? don't worry, you're in safe hands with our is available in the shade '1 black' to give you a rich, radiant color with the perfect care. introducing the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. a face and eye palette of bold colour and iridescent light for multidimensional holiday looks. @barbieferreira long weekend love and our collection. what could get better than that? eau fraîche skinscent and matte and glow bronzing trio brings out the luminescence within, and can make your weekend feel everlasting. tap to shop. self care sunday! wash the day away with our gentle foaming deep clean cleanser powered by a refreshing blend of lime peel and apple extracts! have you fallen in love yet with our revolution forever flawless affinity palette and the stunning pink marble casing? we can't wait to see the looks you create using it! cruelty free⁣ vegan 1010 @ibeatthatface achieved complexion perfection with air stick foundation in shades 8 9! that's some strong, radiant skin right there! @alexisbakerrr uses skinlongevity long life herb serum day and night to help her skin look younger, longer. drop a in the comments if you're stocking up on our new serum @sephora and created a full-face look just with our in all 3 shades! we bow down, tiffany get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and always at wetnwildbeauty.com when in doubt, sparkle the f out with our new omg glitter! lineup multi-dimensional glitter gels and liquid eyeliners that are just like a kira kira effect irl 1, 2, 3 go excellence! comes in a plethora of shades from ash blonde to chocolate brown to jet black! to ensure you achieve the exact color you want with impeccable care in the comfort of your home. tell us, what's your go-to shade? did you see our new forever flawless dynamic palettes? there are 8 to choose from! @tias.mua has created this look using the ambient palette! no flaws detected literally stunned by the perfection that is @alexmarieartistry's she wears our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil epic ink liner to get the look spread your wings this weekend like @themarcjacobs. which of these pumpkin spice palette shades describes your mood rn? sound off in the comments via emoji! psl chill⁣ you spicy⁣ warm cozy⁣ falling for you with this glamourous look, you are already well prepared for festive season!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 n°21a⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @alexandrafonsatti⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @ninagmakeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @isabelleikpeme is flashy like a lightning bolt ️in new omg glitter! liquid eyeliner shade alumin-ating a sparkly silver that is quick-drying, long-lasting, vegan and extra clean giveaway closed! congrats @makeupbytaylor.nichole, @afoxx13, @briannalopzz! thank you to everyone who participated! three lucky will win all four of our metallic eyeshadow trios what you'll win: vibrant spark metallic eyeshadow trio metallic flare metallic eyeshadow trio midnight heat metallic eyeshadow trio bare sizzle metallic eyeshadow trio how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: fave trio set? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 9820 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 9920. pick a palette our 18-piece eyeshadow palettes are curated with essential shades and luxe formulas that are smooth, creamy, blendable, and ultra-pigmented for effortless application. tap to shop our earth ocean, opposites attract, 18 hit wonders and new classics for $14 that fresh, healthy-looking glow. choose from 35 true-to-you shades of barepro performance wear liquid foundation for lasting, breathable full coverage. carmen's shade is cocoa. @sturlese did you know? 9 and 99 were the first lipsticks the house of dior created in 1953. 20 years later, they were reborn as the legendary 999, christian dior's lucky color! rediscover it now! rouge dior 999 rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior 999 metallic did you know cakeless concealer comes in a mini?! this cutie concealer is perfect for touching up on the go! @browfelicia slays perfectly fluffy brows using our tinted brow mascara precision brow pencil what does your everyday brow routine look like? time to vote!⁣ following the launch of our newest forever flawless palette last week, we want you to tell us which of these forever flawless palette you love the most 1 forever flawless chilled palette 2 forever flawless affinity palette 3 forever flawless flamboyance flamingo palette 4 forever flawless bird of paradise palette let us know your thoughts comment below with your fave! officially 55 days till who else is already in the spooky mood? weekend deal alert grab 30 off select morphe products on morphe.com select morphe stores @julibake create the ultimate statement eye with gel eye crayon. whatever your mood, there’s a shade of highliner for you. blessing your sunday with a lil ft. here is our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil in ‘clear’ lovin' this weekend slay by @ms.mylesbmurray she wears our cant stop won’t stop foundation micro brow pencil to complete the look get endless face and eye looks from the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. layer iridescent colour and light for multidimensional looks, from soft and subtle to bright and bold. @barbieferreira hormonal changes can alter the cell's metabolic balance, leading to an altered hair renewal process. during your pregnancy and post-partum you can experience major changes in the quality and appearance of your hair. post-partum is a period when you could struggle with hair-fall due to a brutal hormone level drop. won't stop this natural fall but can help you build an optimal scalp environment for future growth and help you fortify your hair. watch @milliemackintosh talk about how genesis has helped with her post-partum hair-fall and give you a glimpse of her hair care routine! genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. except the bottle’s cap. our hydrating camo concealer is hydrating and full coverage so you can have the best of both worlds tap to shop your shade for $6 everything's better with omg glitter! these just dropped multi-dimensional glitter gels liquid eyeliners can be worn alone or layered for a customized daily dose of sparkle meet gleamcatcher illuminator use this buildable, silky illuminator alone for a natural, radiant glow or mix with your foundation or moisturizer for an extra boost. available in 3 shades: moonbeam pearl sheen first light rose gold sheen⁣ rising star bronze gold sheen⁣ collection launch dates: 9.10 on morphe.com⁣⁣⁣ 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣ don't you wish you could just skip to the part where you have glowing skin? luckily, hydra rescue makeup helps you beat the race when you cover with care. top off your look with brush-on glow highlighter, or highlighting gelee for that unbelievable glow! tap to shop now. @ndeye.peind masters a transfer-proof base using our go-to faves here are the deets: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation born to glow radiant concealer makeup setting spray matte @leesondra just set the bar for glow goals she goes for in shade 4.5 pro artist @makemeupchris spils the tea on how to perfect a flawless, full coverage base without the cake! here are the deets: bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer can't stop won't stop finishing powder bare with me cannabis multitasking spray absolutely peachless! create all the peachy looks with our peaches and cream collection! give your skin the peace it needs with 50mg cbd moisturizer infused with hyaluronic acid and sweet almond oil known to help retain skin’s moisture and notes of japanese citrus and chamomile to awaken the senses. click the to shop on elfcosmetics.com true or false: everything’s cuter when it’s a mini! have you been searching for a pretty red but natural lip color like this? then our new perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl is a must-have for you! new in! prevent spots, fight blemishes and battle breakouts with some new additions to our @revolutionskincare blemish targeting range breakout revolution skincare pick-me-not blemish patches resist the urge to pick, your spot saviour is here! these cute yet mighty pimple patches are loaded with salicylic acid to help break up congestion in pores, working to reduce the appearance of blemishes, and tea tree oil to help soothe £6€7.99$9⁣ blemish revolution skincare 2 salicylic acid mask this hard-working mask is packed with salicylic acid to help exfoliate and cleanse the pores, loosening trapped sebum and dirt so it can be removed. formulated with kaolin and charcoal to help draw out and absorb excess sebum and dirt from the pores, to leave skin feeling cleaner and clearer £8€9.99$12⁣ recover revolution skincare blemish recovery mask the perfect post-breakout tlc, this mask is loaded with panthenol provitamin b5 which helps to soothe and soften skin to ensure it's well moisturised and conditioned, preventing tightness and dryness. formulated with oat kernel oil to nourish and soothe skin without blocking pores, and a soothing complex of urea, trehalose, sodium pca and sodium hyaluronate to keep the skin moisturised and soothed from dryness that may cause irritation £8€9.99$12⁣ shop now and discover the rest of blemish range at revolutionbeauty.com would you go to the next party in twenties style with this look? because we definitely would! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°558, 574, 197, 525⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator reﬁlls n°21a n°94⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail laquer n°698 roasted chestnut⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @helenaurica⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographyretouch: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ spot on! swipe to see our new pick-me-not blemish patches in action! these pimple patches are loaded with salicylic acid to help break up congestion in pores, working to reduce the appearance of blemishes, and tea tree oil to help soothe for best results apply as needed to blemishes, leave on overnight or throughout the day £6€7.99$9 at revolutionbeauty.com timeless reds, jewel-like cases, long-lasting wear and total comfort: discover time and time again the iconic rouge dior, your best friend for bold lips rouge dior 520 feel good rouge dior 999 rouge dior 756 panache rouge dior 844 trafalgar rouge dior 999 matte the biggest drop of the year is on its way! can you guess what it is? here's a clue... get ready to be blown away... beat the blemish blues with our full range of blemish busting products from @revolutionskincare! we've got you covered from prevention all the way through to recovery check out the revsays blog for the full lowdown and shop our entire blemish range at revolutionbeauty.com gorg @desariana obsessed with born this way super coverage concealer in almond! it gives me a flawless, photo-ready finish that lasts all day long. one palette. endless full face looks. what look would you create? the new becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette is gives you bold colour and iridescent light for multidimensional holiday looks for the face and eyes. @barbieferreira @eman is wearing our lip lacquer lip gloss in shade moody tap for shop for $3 sun-kissed skin x 2. combine endless glow highlighter in shade free with endless summer bronzer in shade warmth to create the ultimate clean glow. get the most radiant make-up look with our all-time favorite moisturizing skin tint.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ other products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°90 pearly antique purple perfect color lipstick n°830 spring in paris⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @aafrrin is spicy spicy behind the scenes or screen of that big meeting. a clean beauty routine is all you need for an extra shot of confidence. @ultabeauty browzinga! @angelicheraldglam transformed her brows into soft, natural beauties using her wax powder duo! want poppin’ eye makeup that lasts longer? then make sure you use the revolution ultimate eye base with any eyeshadow palette! guaranteed eye makeup that lasts so much longer and the perfect partner to the new forever flawless dynamic palettes to create that crease-free eye look cruelty free⁣ vegan get the glow up with our new omg glitter! swipe on the shine like @mia.page.mk with vegan extra clean glitter gels made for your face, body and hair give your skin all the tlc it deserves with our collection! featuring advanced night repair intense reset concentrate, new advanced night repair serum, advanced night repair eye supercharged complex, powerfoil mask and recovery eye mask. tap to shop these now! ultimate utopia shadow palette transport yourself to a lush nirvana of super-saturated electric green and hazy pastel hues coexisting in a peaceful state of colorfully coordinated chaos available online at nyxcosmetics.com monday morning. werk. serving realness. from @themarcjacobs wearing turn the volume up and listen! we have a mega announcement coming up soon, you don't want to miss this... long weekend means more time to play with makeup! which too faced product haven’t you tried yet? eternal sunshine of the flawless le rouge duo ultra tenue. 8:78. set your watch to eternity. le rouge duo ultra tenue combines smudge-proof colour and endless hold. le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red @vittoria with the recent explosions in beirut, the people of lebanon have faced great devastation and need our support. so, i am joining @zuhairmuradofficial and @zuhairmuradprivate in helping the people of beirut who have lost so much in this devastating tragedy. 100 of the profits from this limited edition t-shirt will go towards supporting the relief efforts of offrejoie who are on the ground responding to humanitarian needs. take a look at @zuhairmuradofficial's account to learn more about the work that they’re doing to support beirut. our double-sided eye designer applicator is an applicator pen for our refillable eye designer refills and now has an brandnew limited design. check out our new shades n°21a golden days and n°94 frosty mauve! recreate the look with these products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a n°94⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail laquer n°698 roasted chestnut image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hairmake upphotographyretouch: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @laratronick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ turn up the twinkle with these vegan, extra clean face body gels in our new omg glitter! lineup each mesmerizing shade creates a sparkling, prismatic effect no glitter glue needed! @ziggymackjohnson slays this backstage beat using our ultimate utopia shadow palette we have fallen in love with this look from @bykatieeve using the new forever flawless affinity palette especially the gold glitter adding that sparkle we are giving away a $20 @walmart gift card every day this month to celebrate our new expanded assortment in-stores! enter for a chance to win in our stories and check out our store locator at wetnwildbeauty.com to see if your local walmart now features more wet n wild! this bejeweled bombshell is @mariasgoldenmakeup, taking a winged eye to the next level with our liquid breakup-proof eyeliner must live in the united states and be 18 years old and older to enter. the roots are the foundation of the hair, they must be healthy to grow and retain hair with greater vitality. fight hair-fall with and find your routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon: https:hair-salons.kerastase.com @ymshopsalon genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. except the bottle’s cap. give a nutrient welcome to our latest addition to the @humnutrition! get ready to look and feel your best with these clean, clinically proven nutrients for your skin and hair shop on morphe.com select stores only! don’t be afraid to throw some color around. comes in 30 shades for any mood. eternal summer extend your happy hour. le vernis 528 rouge puissant only theses swatches of our ultimate utopia shadow palette has us craving a pumpkin spice latte summer isn't over yet our limited-edition retro paradise collection has the hues of sun-soaked beaches and the tropics shop now on our website and exclusively at @target! @calibeaute double tap if you believe in the magic of a little mascara @ravenonrebel has us mesmerized with this electric using our ultimate utopia shadow palette this look blue us away. @willamazing dazzles wearing gel eye crayon in out of the blue for @ellesingapore. eternal sunshine of the flawless le rouge duo ultra tenue. 5:93. set your watch to eternity. le rouge duo ultra tenue combines smudge-proof colour and endless hold. le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red @vittoria we're not sorry we get to witness @by.sulli's look which show was your fave growing up? myth: you don't need protection if you can't see the sun. fact: the sun shines everywhere, not just at the beach. take advantage of hydra rescue makeup spf 45, anti-oxidant creme spf 15, and multi-defense uv fluid spf 45 all containing enough spf to protect your skin all year long. tap to shop. brb, drooling over this swatch of our ultimate utopia shadow palette @alexandraanele is our ray of [sun]shine in just dropped omg glitter! liquid eyeliner the life-proof 24-hour matte formula you’ve been waiting for! waterproof, sweat humidity resistant, and transfer-resistant for naturally flawless skin that lasts all day. tap to shop! @sephora @andreasantiago slays this sultry, smokey eye using our new fall faves here's what you'll need: honey dew me up primer micro brow pencil in ash brown control freak eyebrow gel ultimate utopia shadow palette suede matte lipstick in dainty daze that lineup. matte has the same smooth glide and waterproof wear of the original, with a matte-not-flat finish. brow game strong, all day long @kkaitthty mastered the natural brow look using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown! kits all about e.l.f. love speak for your e.l.f. kit: the perfect lip duo including our liquid matte lipstick in shade praline and prismatic lip gloss in shade rose quartz. me, my e.l.f. eye kit: everything you need to create a beautifully natural eye look is in this kit including the clear brow lash mascara, rose gold eyeshadow palette in nude and no budge retractable eyeliner in black. feel your e.l.f. kit: get that natural glam look with our poreless putty primer, monochromatic multi stick in sparkling rose and the total face sponge. shop the sets on elfcosmetics.com major precision, mini size! bring some oh-my-wow to your brows with in 12 shades! our hydra care lipstick n°06 precious oasis is the perfect color for your natural everyday make-up look! the more skincare you buy, the more you save! get 10 off when you buy 2 @revolutionskincare items, 15 off when you buy 3 items, or 20 off when you buy 4 items for a limited time at revolutionbeauty.com tc's applies to full price revolution skincare items only, offer automatically applied at checkout it's time to blow away the rules of volume and step into a new era of mascara. are you ready for the revolution? wave blemishes buh-bye with the new additions to our @revolutionskincare blemish targeting range breakout revolution skincare pick-me-not blemish patches £6€7.99$9⁣⁣ blemish revolution skincare 2 salicylic acid mask £8€9.99$12⁣⁣ recover revolution skincare blemish recovery mask £8€9.99$12⁣⁣ shop now and discover the rest of blemish range at revolutionbeauty.com with the products of our new limited collection enter the new golden twenties, you can create harmonizing make-up looks like this. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut this september 9th, celebrate 999, dior's legendary red lipstick! from satin to matte and metallic, discover the story behind christian dior's talisman color. rouge dior 999 rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior 999 metallic eternal summer extend your happy hour. le vernis 528 rouge puissant out with the old, in with the new! here's everything that makes new even better with brand new benefits, our best keeps getting better, so tap to shop and try it for yourself! the forever flawless allure palette forever flawless affinity palettes each contain 18 matte, shimmer and marbled pressed glitter eyeshadows, you’ll be spoilt for choice!! check out all these shades! a lavender dream. check out how @tiarramonet gets a full face holiday look from the new becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. layer bold colour and iridescent light for multidimensional looks that match any mood, vibe, or occasion, from soft and subtle to bright and bold. @barbieferreira we love this look by @brownsugarglam using the allure palette that you told us you loved in the poll on sunday! @revolutionskincare cica cream calming smoothing moisture cream⁣ @revolutionskincare 2 hyaluronic acid⁣ makeup revolution conceal and define infinite longwear concealer c11.2, c12, c12.5, c13.5⁣ makeup revolution luxury baking powder⁣ makeup revolution liquid eyeliner⁣ makeup revolution forever flawless allure⁣ makeup revolution conceal define infinite mattifying makeup fixing spray 16 hours⁣ tag a friend that would love this look too the perfect fall staple our natural face and eye palettes are packed with everyday neutrals to enhance your natural beauty! available @sephoraspain these are legendary @beatfaceddavid who is a fan of our total face sponge? use the pointed side to get into those hard to reach areas and the slanted side to hug the contours of the face for smooth makeup application. tap to shop for $5 it's a new day in the mascara kingdom! we're bringing you volume that will blow you out of this world. eternal summer @vittoria is wearing rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red. a combination of smudge-proof colour and endless hold. thanks to its golden accents, our new products from our limited enter the new golden twenties collection will spice up your dressing table.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°819 confetti shower⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @fashiioncarpet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ create soft-glam looks and brighten your light with this curated collection from musical artist, singersongwriter @madisonbeer the @madisonbeer collection includes: channel surfing artistry palette $22 madison beer lipgloss available in 5 shades $10 madison beer shimmering highlighters available in 2 shades $16 madison beer luminous setting spray available in 2 shades $18 channel surfing 6-piece eye brush set $25 $52 value the @madisonbeer collection launch dates: 9.15 morphe.com select morphe stores, @theofficialselfridges, @sephoracanada 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @bootsuk, @feelunique, @prettylittlething⁣⁣, @cultbeauty, @douglascosmetics, @cloud10beauty, @themakeupspotnl 9.29 @meccamaxima 10.22 @sephoramx fun fact: my melody's favorite food is almond pound cake, sweet and sugary what are your sweet tooth cravings? singersongwriter @madisonbeer inspires us with her soft glam looks and low-key vibes mua: @lipsticknick the @madisonbeer collection launch dates: 9.15 morphe.com select morphe stores, @theofficialselfridges, @sephoracanada 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @bootsuk, @feelunique, @prettylittlething⁣⁣, @cultbeauty, @douglascosmetics, @cloud10beauty, @themakeupspotnl 9.29 @meccamaxima 10.22 @sephoramx your cult fave just got an upgrade introducing our ultimate shadow palette in ‘ultimate utopia’ 16 lush shades of electric hazy hues available online at nyxcosmetics.com hair goals @leesondra’s pretty pony got its spark with new omg glitter! chunky face body gel extra-textured and packed with glitter for a super boost of shine @ziyanimazeeha creates this electrifying using our ultimate utopia shadow palette epic ink liner complexion perfection! @mariamakeups is flawless wearing our born this way super coverage concealer shade almond! wear it your colourway! honey, we shrunk the popular forever flawless palettes, to offer you 8 convenient mini eyeshadow palettes shop the blues with the tranquil forever dynamic swipe for swatches which shade from our ultimate utopia shadow palette are you hitting pan on first? @linz.panz yup, makes everything better... go ahead and show off your did you know pollution can accelerate visible skin-aging? new serum’s new 8-hour anti-oxidant power defends against skin-damaging pollution; that’s why it’s not just advanced night repair—be sure to use it every day, too. @hazelmaven disco glam entry! tag us in your music-inspired makeup looks for the chance of a lifetime: win a $10,000 cash prize contribute to el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be announcing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome by 918! what’s @iluvsarahii’s beauty secret? new advanced night repair serum! get ready with karen while she shares her tips and tricks for radiant, glowing skin. shop karen’s routine now: treatment lotion: https:estee.cm3h8eyzr new https:estee.cm2zfkc6j advanced night repair eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm32ao4ma revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm35hjqk3 color replenish lip balm: https:estee.cm2rjluo5 pure color envy nighttime rescue lip oil-serum: https:estee.cm3jy6gwy https:estee.cm3h6tojz radiant concealer: https:estee.cm3m5evlc @anapautv creates this fierce purple look using our ultimate utopia shadow palette epic ink liner our director of global artistry @lipsticknick brought these midnight heat lustrous shades to life with our new metallic eyeshadow trios. on cloud nine with this eyeliner look. from @alyssainthecity wearing in deja blue. volume up love the sound of our pomade!? just imagine how good it’ll look on your brows @thebubblyblonde keep your summer glow going with our transfer- and water-resistant liquid highlighter that moisturizes all day. ignite liquified light highlighter for face and body gives skin a pearlized glow, infused with a fragrance that lights you up, outside in, inside out. shown above in passion, a pale, incandescent pearl that reflects gold. which metallic trio is your fave? like in the comments to vote slide 1 vibrant spark metallic eyeshadow trio slide 2 metallic flare metallic eyeshadow trio slide 3 bare sizzle metallic eyeshadow trio slide 4 midnight heat metallic eyeshadow trio a lil pop of emerald @adelegangemimua slays this sharp liner moment using our epic ink liner ultimate utopia shadow palette me when i'm feeling myself: our director of global artistry @lipsticknick turned up the drama w our new metallic eyeshadow trios. make a splash. a quick dash of adds instant style to your look. congrats to our winners: @antwianita and @makeupbykimmy back to school $100 get your eyes, lips and face ready for an e.l.f.ing amazing school year! two lucky winners will receive a $100 e.l.f. cosmetics gift card to stock your backpack with your e.l.f. cosmetics essentials rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics [2] like this post [3] tag friends below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends september 11 at 5pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. pro artist @makeupbyash.a serves up major inspo with this stunning here’s the breakdown: ultimate utopia shadow palette can’t stop won’t stop full coverage foundation in ‘soft beige’ sweet cheeks creamy powder blush in ‘citrine rose’ shout loud satin lipstick in ‘a la mode’ butter gloss in ‘madeline’ who's ready for sweater weather and fall looks?! cozy up to the 18 warm spicy shades in our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette and our melted matte lipstick shade pumpkin spice. long lashes, pale lavender pops. @walkerash plays up her eyes with in lunatic and mascara. who's ready to make it rain with these new face body gels?! available in 6 mesmerizing shades plus a clear holo chunky option for that little something extra wanna get gorgeous brows like @glambygilly? tune in tomorrow for live brow consultations with global brow expert @jrobertbailey! he’ll be comin’ in hot with all the brow know-how products used: precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown 24-hour brow setter clear brow different strokes for different brow looks our soft lip liner waterproof is the perfect product for a defined and long lasting lip make-up!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ happy international beauty day to all of you lovely, individual and beautiful women and men we hope to inspire you daily with inspirational beauty ideas! get the look: full waves curling mascara perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf image credits: muah: @fatos.em photo retouch: @alisa.valiente.photography model: lea @leaskye new launch alert create the ultimate smokey sultry look this spooky season with the new revolution forever flawless eyeshadow palette in enchanted the perfect addition to complete your halloween makeup collection this 18 pan palette offers an array of transition and cool tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadow formulations. plus, spot the spooky skull print in the matte shades to really add depth to your looks available now £12€11.99$15⁣ keep your eye out for some more launches today new launch alert⁣ create the ultimate warm, smokey sultry look this spooky season with the new forever flawless eyeshadow palette in midnight rose this 18 pan palette offers an array of warm brown and red tones with a mixture of foil, matte and shimmer shadow formulations plus, spot the gorgeous rose print in the matte shades to really add depth to your looks available now £12€11.99$15 fine hair, thick hair, oily roots, dry lengths... we care for every hair! with genesis we designed tailored made routines against hair-fall to suit all needs and all hair types. @zowiepalliaer has her genesis beauty ritual already. what about you? available in france at @nocibefrance genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. have a happy 999 day with the legendary rouge dior 999 in its matte finish. wear it proudly today! rouge dior 999 matte psstt... we've got a surprise for you! 2020 is the year where willl make a mega impact with mega volume. hold on tight and enjoy the ride... if you can't decide for one shade of our enter the new golden twenties nailpolishes, apply two! art couture nail lacquer n°614 fading⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ today we introduced 2 new forever flawless palettes which are your perfect addition to complete your halloween makeup collection swipe for swatches!⁣ forever flawless midnight rose forever flawless enchanted cruelty free⁣ vegan⁣ available now £12€11.99$15 new today⁣ the halloween countdown is on whether at home or out, create your halloween looks this year with our new sfx range sfx blood spray for easy application on clothing face and surfaces, or to create a scattered blood effect.⁣ sfx soft wax putty which can be used to build up and create scars face features⁣ both £5€5.99$7⁣ and coming back from the dead as you love it so much last year:⁣ halloween ultimate face paint palette, with 12 colours, there’s every shade you’ll need to create spooky looks £6€6.99$9⁣ available now tag us in your looks! create scars, wounds and face features with our new sfx soft wax putty combined with the new sfx fake blood spray @bykatieeve shows as a step by step using these products swipe to see the final look! to use: use the spatula to grab your product and apply to clean skin. use your fingers warm them up first! to mould the product into your desired shape and apply your foundation concealer of choice to ensure the scar looks real then add the sfx blood! the kind of message we love to receive! thank you all for your trust and love for kerastase! what do you love about genesis? tell us in the comments down below! and don’t forget to leave a comment and review on our website: www.kerastase.com things we just can’t live without? naps, facials, and new perfect your power nap facial in six simple steps featuring our eternal sunshine of the flawless le rouge duo ultra tenue. an ultra-pigmented lipstick. an ultra-shiny gloss. an impeccable finish that lasts from morning to night. le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red le vernis 528 rouge puissant save 50 on becca primers during the @ultabeauty 21 days of beauty sale. prime for any skin type with our essential primers: backlight priming filter first light priming filter skin love brighten blur primer ever-matte poreless priming perfector did you see the news on @iheartrevolution halloween is on the horizon, and we're ready to create some make-up magic with our new book of spells eyeshadow palettes cook up the look of love with the i heart revolution book of spells eyeshadow palette love spells cast some black magic with the i heart revolution book of spells eyeshadow palette curses and hexes don't be a basic witch this halloween! grab both spell books for £20€25$21.99 at revolutionbeauty.com and make sure you are following @iheartrevolution to find out more! back in stock! get plumper, bouncier cheeks over time while minimizing pores with our plump prime face plumper. this buildable, silky illuminator gives skin a boost of extra radiance vote in emoji below available in 3 shades: moonbeam pearl sheen first light rose gold sheen⁣⁣ rising star bronze gold sheen⁣⁣ collection launch dates: 9.10 on morphe.com⁣⁣⁣⁣ 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣⁣ eternal sunshine of the flawless le rouge duo ultra tenue. 1:76. set your watch to eternity. le rouge duo ultra tenue combines smudge-proof colour and endless hold. le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red @vittoria our full waves curling mascara of our new collection enter the new golden twenties gives your lashes an irresistible curl and length! products used for this look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: mua: @natalia.osipova.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @gretaaschmidt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ no matter where you are in the world, celebrate the lucky 999 day today with dior makeup! discover in english the story of the famous rouge dior 999 now rouge dior 999 rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior 999 metallic we think its time to the skin you're in. new serum reduces the look of lines and wrinkles in just three weeks! tap to shop and join to see for yourself. 1.7 oz. bottle consumer testing on 543 women. our best-selling srsly satin lipstick is silky-smooth and packed with pigment. one swipe is all you need for srsly bold lips. available in 10 shades. each for $3 tap to shop! eye-conic and rare, both inside and out. we’re honored that created her day-to-night beauty look using our eye-conic palette in scandalust in her latest @voguemagazine video. a huge congratulations on a beautiful @rarebeauty launch that inspires us all. omg they're here khaki, purple sand haze obsessions palettes!!! i cannot get enough of that soft, sexy smokey eye look that's why we decided to create a modern moody edit on the classic for autumn winter! new today⁣ flutter your way through the new revolution 3d faux mink lashes! false lashes that look like natural lash extensions with a gorgeous fluffy finish swipe to see them all!⁣ fluffy fabulous fluffy finish⁣ minky dramatic full on lashes⁣ doll natural looking slender lashes⁣ wispy a full feathery finish⁣ available now £10€11.99$15 omg they're here khaki, purple sand haze obsessions palettes!!! i cannot get enough of that soft, sexy smokey eye look that's why we decided to create a modern moody edit on the classic for autumn winter! haze obsessions in khaki, sand purple i am living for these palettes this season. sexy. smokey. sultry who said 2020 was cancelled? this month, we're dropping this new gem we're bringing you volume that will blow you away! stay tuned... who said 2020 was cancelled? this month, we're dropping this new gem we're bringing you volume that will blow you away! stay tuned... sand haze obsessions swipe for swatches my loves! sand haze obsessions swipe for swatches my loves! sand haze obsessions swipe for swatches my loves! purple haze obsessions swipe for swatches! @pazsykesmua proves that rainbow is the way to go in our color-packed bestseller take me back to brazil @pazsykesmua proves that rainbow is the way to go in our color-packed bestseller take me back to brazil @pazsykesmua proves that rainbow is the way to go in our color-packed bestseller take me back to brazil khaki haze obsessions swipe for swatches my loves! khaki haze obsessions swipe for swatches my loves! who else is loving these laminated brows by @mariasgoldenmakeup?! she uses brow powder! okkkk pigment our ultimate utopia shadow palette didn't come to play available online at nyxcosmetics.com round of applause for this clean morning routine! we love that @shannonbruno is using ultra hydrating and skin-strengthening skinlongevity essentials. shop the collection now @ultabeauty friends x revolution series 1 coming wednesday 16th september the one with accessories and makeup! here is a sneak peek oh.my.god there’s a 2nd series coming this year too! starting off the day with fresh, brighter, and de-puffed eyes like which eye gel patch will help you improve the appearance of dark circles tap our latest ig story to take our @patchology pop quiz shop on morphe.com select stores! has an anti hair-fall routine for every hair type! bathing your hair with the right shampoo is key to have the hair results you expect from your routine. do you know the difference between the bain hydra-fortifiant or bain nutri-fortifiant 1. bain nutri-fortifiant will help thick dry hair to fight hair-fall. its rich formula removes dirt and excess of oil while providing intense nourishment. 2. bain hydra-fortifiant is specially designed for fine hair or oily hair with dry lengths. it gently removes sebum and pollution particles, reinforces fiber to reduce the risk of hair-fall due to breakage. find out the best routine for you by doing the diagnosis tool online: https:www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. conquer your contour with our cocoa contour palette share your best contour tip in the comments below! we're hypnotized by this jewel toned by pro mua @belindaloeppky on the gorgeous @haileyylaynee using our new ultimate utopia shadow palette shop this electrifying palette online at nyxcosmetics.com @lanolips' leave on-mask reboots dry, dull, or jet-lagged skin and brings back moisture, glow, and radiance. packed w lanolin ginger⁣ mint⁣ caffeine to wake, hydrate, and re-condition weary skin! shop on morphe.com select stores! when stressed skin needs a boost: rescue and reset with intense reset concentrate! apply in the evening after your new serum to visibly soothe irritation, boost skin's collagen, and get intense hydration. tap to shop get your fill of all things @ultabeauty the entire collection is in stores now! our new ultimate utopia shadow palette is the definition of @glambbi snaps a cozy pic of our new holy grail ooh baby, that blue! @jayyglamm taking us back to the 90's with this one, wearing our in cream beige get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com experience luxury with our 50 mg cbd body cream why we love: infused with skin-loving ingredients argan oil and shea butter revives, moisturizes and soothes the skin key ingredients: full spectrum cbd known to soothe and nourish the skin argan oil helps nourish and moisturize the skin shea butter provides hydration and deep nourishment available now on elfcosmetics.com my favorite flower is @perrinenavy you know what they say… a little beauty grows a long way double tap if this mini setup is a hump day mood! pause for a macro minute. global artistry ambassador @morganemartini used in plumage and lunatic to create this wing on @justjenaye. soft girl essentials sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'almost famous' soft matte lip cream in 'amsterdam' who else is loving the blushy, monochromatic makeup moment? tag your bestie below to show 'em some love 1 day till the collection launches: 9.10 on morphe.com⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣⁣⁣ glowing skin in 2 steps. pair our skin-strengthening serum with clean foundation that lasts 24 hours for radiant, healthy-looking skin. soft, matte, and simply sweet our soft matte lip cream in 'cannes' will always be our ride-or-die, every day lippie instantly plump and smooth the lips to finish any look. @emilyclark.makeup applies hydra-light plumping lip balm in mist, a transparent blue that goes on sheer, to nourish her lips with moisture. gorgeous @tanyacheban is giving us all the fall feels by pairing our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette melted matte lipstick shade pumpkin spice. get @lishalovesmakeup's gorgeous look: bite-size face duo in spiced apple liquid glitter eyeshadow in purple reign putty eye primer in rose no budge retractable liner in navy halo glow setting powder in light tap to shop! the definition of this look is 𝘚 𝘓 𝘐 𝘊 𝘒 lines @dumb.makeup trust your tintuition which of our tints is your ride-or-dye? from left to right: @lifebyeol versatility is key. with you can line it to define the eyes, smudge it to create an instant smoky eye, or layer it as an eyeshadow base. a lil monochromatic glam @shailah.leshe channels her inner e-girl with this cute blushy look here are the deets: micro brow pencil sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'almost famous' epic ink liner soft matte lip cream in 'amsterdam' shaped glitter in 'cosmic love' @lynnacsecnarf’s got that yummy in avocado toast shadows, peachy bellini blushes chai latte plumping gloss in shade extra foam drop a if you could use a mini self-care moment this glamourous eye make-up in style of the golden twenties is not only suitable for brown eyes try it for yourself. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ resist the urge to pick, your spot saviour is here, the @revolutionskincare pick-me-not blemish patches.⁣ these cute yet mighty pimple patches are loaded with salicylic acid to help break up congestion in pores, working to reduce the appearance of blemishes, and tea tree oil to help soothe £6€7.99$9⁣ time for the big reveal! welcome to the world of air volume our revolutionary air volume mega mascara is here to bring you mega volume that inflates and puffs up your lashes, yet feels light as air. woah! look at those shades! you will be spoilt for choice with the 18 matte, shimmer and pressed glitter eyeshadows in the new forever flawless affinity palette cruelty free⁣⁣ vegan⁣ available now £12€11.99$15 follow this step-by-step tutorial to recreate a stunning make-up look in the style of the golden twenties! products used: beauty box quattro eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum eye designer refill n°21a golden days eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve blush couture art couture nail lacquer n°835 gorgeous girl video credits: model: @helenaurica muah: @michellenolanmua photographyretouch: @msmartphotography when two serums unite, the benefits are beautiful. your skin will thank you after layering new and tap to shop these do you want false lashes that look like natural lash extensions with a gorgeous fluffy finish? then you need to flutter your way through revolution 3d faux mink lashes available in 4 different styles to suit your lash liking; wispy, minky, doll and fluffy wispy a full feathery finish⁣ doll natural looking slender lashes⁣ minky dramatic full on lashes⁣ fluffy fabulous fluffy finish⁣ available now £10€11.99$15 discover the new diorshow iconic overcurl mascara, looking even more couture than ever. and who better than the mesmerizing @bellahadid to be the eyes of dior makeup? diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black giveaway time! who's ready to feel zen? we're giving away a $400 @beyondyoga gift card and $400 of clean bareminerals favorites for the ultimate wellness treat. here's how to enter: 1. follow @bareminerals and @beyondyoga. 2. like the post. 3. tag a friend in the comments. each separate comment is an entry! bonus: share the post to stories for an additional chance to win. no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends september 12, 2020 at 11:59 pm et. see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: https:bit.ly2rc4rsm. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. it’s the iconic primer at an affordable price for me which putty primer is your fave? matte putty primer luminous putty primer poreless putty primer available now @dmbeauty @haodoyoungo stuns in one of her iconic eye looks using light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in dusk, an olive green primer with golden shimmer topper. roll out the red carpet for this year's most anticipated product...introducing the air volume mega mascara! the 1st mascara to inflate lashes like an avantgarde airship without a hint of heaviness. would you try it? giveaway!! winners have been contacted via dm we are so excited to partner with @frankbod to give two lucky winners a mega beauty prize pack! prize pack includes: our new plump prime serum, lip injection extreme, lip injection maximum plump, 5 lip injection lip gloss shades, and a year’s worth of @frankbod goodies!⁣ how to enter:⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣ follow @toofaced and @frankbod tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣ us intl giveaway ends 913 the winners will be contacted via dm. good luck! what a glam look! perfect for beautiful autumn days or even the upcoming festive season, don't you think?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hoola tan? we stan! @lizalash keeps her summer bronze strong with hoola matte bronzer! green smokey eyes we love this look by @prunela.c using our new forever flawless dynamic palette p r o d u c t s⁣ eyes:⁣ eyeshadow base: @makeuprevolution prime and lock eye primer⁣ eyeshadow palette: @makeuprevolution forever flawless dynamic everlasting eyeshadow palette⁣ brows: @makeuprevolution xx fine micro brow pencil⁣ mascara: @makeuprevolution stretch it out mascara⁣ skin:⁣ primer: @makeuprevolution hydrate primer⁣ foundation: @makeuprevolution conceal and hydrate foundation⁣ concealer: @makeuprevolution conceal and hydrate concealer⁣ highlighter: @makeuprevolution liquid illuminator fierce⁣ @bribri.tx slays this everyday base with our must-haves! here's what you'll need: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation makeup setting spray matte available online at nyxcosmetics.com eternal sunshine of the flawless le rouge duo ultra tenue. nude, pinky beige, soft mauve, coral pink, brick red, bordeaux, rosewood, brownish red. 8 new, ultra-pigmented shades, for impeccable colour and intense shine that last from morning to night. shop the shades from left to right: le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red le rouge duo ultra tenue 174 endless pink le rouge duo ultra tenue 166 timeless beige le rouge duo ultra tenue 172 light mauve le rouge duo ultra tenue 180 passionate red le rouge duo ultra tenue 164 chic beige le rouge duo ultra tenue 184 intense brown le rouge duo ultra tenue 182 light brown even more brunch take a bite out of the next meal in our new, all-vegan additions decadent shadow highlighter palettes plus juicy lip glosses for those who just couldn't get enough happy thursday my loves!!! weekend time in dubai!!! do you want a tutorial for this look? repost @huda khaki obsession!! i know i was absent for a minute pretty much most of 2020, but i have missed you guys so so much! i shot this tutorial the other day using our new khaki obsessions palette and i felt so good wearing it, we ended up doing a low key photo shoot do what makes you feel special, don’t wait for the right moment to feel like you should spoil yourself more of our fresh new line is now available on morphe.com! other launch dates: 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣⁣ whether you need your eyeliner to make a zig, a zag, or something else, our can handle the ride. give it a try to see what it can do get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and always at wetnwildbeauty.com let’s talk skin positivity w @myfacestory reasons we new serum: it achieves even–tone, reduces lines and wrinkles, attracts moisture, and protects against skin-aging environmental aggressors just to name a few. leave a comment below on why you love new advanced night repair too! l-balm lip balm adds the perfect wash of color nourishes lips w ingredients like avocado oil shea butter is now available on morphe.com! show your confidence and glamour with a classic red lip look like this one!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hairmake upphotographyretouch: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @laratronick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ series 1 6 days to go tag a friend in the comments who would totally say this! pro tip: mix this buildable, silky illuminator with cheek lip mousse, or your fave moisturizer for an extra boost is now available on morphe.com! eternal sunshine of the flawless le rouge duo ultra tenue. 12:83. set your watch to eternity. le rouge duo ultra tenue combines smudge-proof colour and endless hold. le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red @vittoria customize your skin routine with our booster drops by mixing a few drops into your moisturizer or foundation -clarifying formulated with tea tree oil and witch hazel to help clarify the skin -sunkissed formulated with vitamin e and aegean oil for radiant, nourished skin -antioxidant formulated with snow mushroom extract and vitamin c e for added antioxidant protection -hydrating formulated with vitamin e for instant hydration and plump looking skin -nourishing formulated with rosehip seed oil, grapeseed oil, sweet almond oil and avocado oil to moisturize and nourish the skin tap to shop our booster drops on elfcosmetics.com sweet on this swan lake look. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames created this eye look on @karenjoigny using in big eyes! and in earthquake. photography by: @pierarnophoto she's matte she's full coverage anddddd she's transfer-proof @ziyanimazeeha mask-proofs her look with our everyday essentials: can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer matte setting spray the must-haves in our makeup bag. our primed poreless primer and face powder are your instant skin perfectors for a soft-focus finish. stock up @ultabeauty! we’ve lost count of all the reasons to love new but 8 hours of antioxidant protection from skin-aging environmental aggressors is definitely a top 5. tap to shop! treat your eyes to @halfagemini's blueberry muffin look this new addition to our collection is packed with rich blues plus toasty neutrals with unbeatable payoff all the magic of microblading in one easy-to-use pen get the most out of your with these simple steps: apply to clean, dry brows so the ink formula can properly adhere to skin, then go in with foundation, concealer, or other brow products store it vertically with the tip facing down to evenly saturate all 3 prongs if the tip becomes clogged, gently wipe it with a dry tissue glowing beauty @dixiedamelio is now available on morphe.com! ⁣mua: @lipsticknick more launch dates: 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣ can you believe it's been 1 year since we launched our poreless collection? raise your hand if you have been loving this 3-step routine for reducing the look of pores. precision at its finest. create versatile liner looks using ultra-skinny gel eye crayon. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. using khaki haze obsessions palette @huda i'm sooo in love with this palette, it's this soft and seductive mix of olive and caramel hued mattes, warm brown shimmers and a moody gold pink duo chrome topper. can't wait for you to try it my loves for you to feel really sexy, confident and beautiful products used: in khaki all over body highlighter in hoodie mini in billionaire in faux fur giveaway closed congrats @brittsnailss! thank you to everyone who participated! one lucky winner will win everything here from our latest self-care additions to our @humnutrition, @patchology, and @grandecosmetics. what you'll win: @humnutrition glow sweet glow⁣ @humnutrition hair sweet hair⁣ @grandecosmetics grande drama intense thickening mascara⁣ @grandecosmetics grande lash md lash enhancing serum 1ml⁣ @patchology all the feels mood mask kit @patchology lip service gloss-to-balm treatment⁣ @patchology flashpatch rejuvenating eye gels⁣ @patchology flashpatch illuminating eye gels⁣ how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣, @humnutrition, @patchology, and @grandecosmetics like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: favorite way to self-care? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 91420 at 11:59 pm pst. the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd on 91520. thirsty for a serum that does more? new penetrates deeply to hydrate and attract moisture day and night. tap to shop, and experience hydrated skin yourself lined to perfection. the stunning shared her go-to, everyday eyeliner look featuring our in truffled in her @voguemagazine video. sunshine glow all day w @charlidamelio is now available on morphe.com! ⁣mua: @lipsticknick more launch dates: 9.15 select morphe stores, @sephoracanada, @theofficialselfridges⁣⁣⁣ 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @prettylittlething⁣⁣⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣⁣ we’re celebrating skin improvement awareness month with our skin-loving essentials, infused with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture. zero no pigment virtual foundation hydra-light smoothing lip scrub hydra-light plumping lip balm hydra-light plumping lip mask skin love glow elixir big bronze, bold brows! @ashleybias pairs our hoola matte bronzer with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black for a shaped sculpted look! stop are you registered? this year, we’ve partnered with @whenweallvote to make sure your voices are heard! click the link in bio to register. it’s that easy illustration by @monicaahanonu our glosses are poppin' keep your pout glossy plump with our plush, juicy lip injection lip gloss. available in 16 shades! pigmented palettes in the palm of your hand our bite size eyeshadow palettes in berry bad and hot jalapeño deliver four creamy, blendable colors for only $3 tap to shop! @terterthinks scrumptious down to the last bite the blueberry muffin 16 color shadow palette is the newest item on our menu and its vegan shades do not disappoint it’s election month, baby! if you plan to vote by mail, you better act fast! check out our “vote 2020” highlight on ig stories to request your mail in ballot today! not registered yet? click the link in our bio. we gotchu @whenweallvote ca-ching—you pore scored! these 3 lipstick colors should definitely not be missing in your make-up bag! perfect color lipstick n°845 confetti shower⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @fashionaddictedt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new launch introducing our biggest plump effect yet! we’ve increased the active plumping ingredient meaning more plump, more pout! a size up from the original best-selling pout bomb, 4.5ml to maxi plump 8.5ml, giving you almost double the amount of product for a lip injection effect⁣ available in 2 shades, swipe to see them both and swatches!⁣ glaze translucent a bigger version of our original⁣ divine a soft tinted pink⁣ £8€9.99$12 emotional, intense, fascinating, unique: this and much more is venice international film festival. thanks to our amazing special guests and hairstylists for this new red carpet experience. oh.my.god you might have seen a sneak peek up to a 4 over on @trendmood1 but we're taking this to a seven look out for more reveals every day on our grid we can't get enough of the beautiful eye make-up variations you can create with our enter the new golden twenties collection. recreate the look with these products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base eyeshadows n°197, 525, 558, 574 mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @topchiyanna today and always, it's important to embrace moments of silence. watch this video for a minute of meditation and reflection. @taylranne the stunning @bellahadid, wearing a blue denim couture look by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. 5 couleurs couture 279 denim diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black emotional, intense, fascinating, unique: this and much more is venice international film festival. thanks to our amazing special guests and hairstylists for this new red carpet experience. emotional, intense, fascinating, unique: this and much more is venice international film festival. thanks to our amazing special guests and hairstylists for this new red carpet experience. the new pout bomb maxi plump lip gloss, we’ve increased the active plumping ingredient! more product, more plump, more pout “over 70 said lips appear fuller and more plumped.” the soft tingle formula will work to enhance the appearance of your lips and the super glossy finish will create the illusion of a fuller pout infused with vitamin e for added nourishment, the non-sticky glosses are available in two shades; clear and a soft tinted pink @hkassel gets a bold full face holiday looks from the new becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. developed with new prismatic pigments, each of the 5 shades blend seamlessly to add colour and light to the face and eyes. @barbieferreira eternal sunshine of the flawless le rouge duo ultra tenue. the unique combination of a lipstick and a gloss. an ultra-pigmented, long-wearing lipstick, for impeccable colour. a reflective gloss, for intense shine and lasting comfort. le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red le vernis 528 rouge puissant your hair has been through a lot this summer? and you want to fight hair-fall and have your best hair? we've got the right solution for you with our revolutionary treatment. a new range composed of 7 products. combining 3 potent ingredients: 1. edelweiss native cells to hydrate and shield the hair 2. aminexil to reduce hair-fall at the root 3. and ginger roots to protect hair cells and stimulate microcirculation. the glow is real @colordujour spices up her look with our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette! a size up from the original best-selling pout bomb, pout bomb maxi plump lip gloss is a high shine lip gloss that will give you the lip injection effect more product, more plump, more pout 2 shades available now including the original bestselling clear shade glaze now in maxi! £8€9.99$15 apply volumizing brow gel w to tame define your brows throughout its hair growth journey.⁣ shop @grandecosmetics on morphe.com select morphe stores! @gemsrodri’s @travisscott birds in the trap- inspired entry! tag us in your music-inspired makeup looks for the chance of a lifetime: win a $10,000 cash prize contribute to el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be announcing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome by 918! take your lashes to the next level with our newest edition... the air volume mega mascara! it instantly inflates every lash type to mega proportions with intense volume that feels as light as air thanks to its ingenious formula! eternal summer le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red @vittoria starry-eyed surprise @emilyannecarden is taking us over the moon in this blue eye look created with our sweet shoppe sprinkles brush set and the sold out bubble gum palette grab the rest of the scoops while you still can @olgadann is laydown the basics for some glam sometimes we are in mood for a little bit more sparkle when it comes to our everyday eye makeup. we show you how to create a simple but glamourous look with only a few steps! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate brows bronzey @anknook uses some of her faves to complete her eye look! mascara in deep brown give a lash welcome to our latest addition to the @lillylashes! the lash brand, founded by @lillyghalichi, that celebrities and influencers obsess over is here, w 3d faux minx lashes styles for your most glam looks ever! is now available on morphe.com select stores on 9.15 only!⁣ fall palettes on deck give your glam a sexy upgrade this fall with these faves! which too faced palette is your go-to in the fall? tap to shop @sephora. little products everywhere? mini mouse club? what are our minis watching on tv—wrong answers only! eternal summer the unique combination of an ultra-pigmented, long-wearing lipstick and a reflective lip gloss, for intense, ultra-shiny lips that last from morning to night. le rouge duo ultra tenue 176 burning red friends x revolution series 1 5 days to go he's her lobster! comment below to show your excitement⁣ series 1 starts wednesday 16th september as a ballet dancer, @jsphinesssfrequently uses elastic bands to tie her hair up. do you know that one of the main causes of hair-fall is breakage? frequent use of elastic bands alongside with heat-styling tools, environmental pollution, brushing or friction from a towel will leave your hair stressed and cause breakage. so when you see hair on your brush or in your shower drain, it may not have fallen from the roots but may be caused by hair breakage. the genesis range is here to help as it will strengthen, hydrate and nourish the fiber to reduce the risk of hair-fall from breakage. you will have the beauty result in the fiber and at the same time you'll treat hair-fall from breakage, isn't it amazing? genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. need a lil' pick-me-up?! perk your pout with the latest flavor of our so extra! plumping lip gloss duo in espresso shot this shiny duo includes single: a creamy nude gloss and doppio: a sparkly copper gloss with pink shift e.l.f. fam we want to know! wide-eyed for these shades of ultra-skinny gel eye crayon. double tap if you’re obsessed with our eye-opening liner. roll call drop your all-time fave palette below @beauty.by.taiba stencils by @swatchperfectuk in awe of this perfect wing. national artistry ambassador @christianschild created this stunning eye look using ultra-skinny gel eye crayon in blacquer for @harpersbazaarserbia. photography by: @benjaminbecker model: @giulianaxgg we don’t know where summer went, either. good thing we came ready with fall’s most trending shades. ultimate lipstick love is an instantly moisturizing lipstick for pure colour in one swipe, infused with hyaluronic acid to hydrate. double up under your favorite lippie for a nourishing boost made w avocado oil shea butter is now available on morphe.com! @chiomaacom's has us blinded with this glowy she wears our born to glow radiant foundation in mahogany as a base we'll have what she's having @gemsrodri’s pout is looking extra lush with some help from our chai latte lip duo feelin' green with envy of @manzonichristian's vibrant he slays a complexion using our born to glow radiant concealer as a base hydrate, relax, repeat. our 50 mg cbd lightweight gel-cream moisturizer is infused with hyaluronic acid and sweet almond oil to help retain skin moisture while soothing and hydrating your skin. click on the to shop for $15 leave a if you've fallen in love with our born this way matte foundation! i like how born this way matte foundation gives a smooth finish without having to do much work when you are in a hurry! i already recommended the foundation to my friend! good addition to the born this way family! shishi22, on toofaced.com in loveee with this colorful slay by @nyane she wears our born to glow! naturally radiant foundation in 'caramel' as a base for the look lean into liner. our ultra-skinny gel eye crayon glides on with ease for flawless application and all-day wear you can rely on. dare to be delectable in our newest addition the bluberry muffin palette!⁣⁣⠀ use brunch bunch brush to pack shade delish into the inner corner of the eye and shade so good to the outer corner above the crease⁣⁣⠀ use brunch bunch brush to blend the two shades together⁣⁣⠀ use brunch bunch brush to apply shade cheat day to the bottom eyelid⁣⁣⠀ use brunch bunch brush to apply shade cravings to the inner corner of the eye and enjoy! full, fluffed feathered! @carobiparada nailed the fluffy brow look on her first try using our new in shade medium brown! create a beautiful make-up look with our new limited enter the new golden twenties collection! shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ dropped this week!⁣⁣ swipe to see everything we launched this week!⁣⁣ @revolutionskincare blemish 2 salicylic acid mask⁣ @revolutionskincare blemish recovery mask⁣ @revolutionskincare pick-me-not blemish patches⁣ forever flawless midnight rose⁣ forever flawless enchanted palette⁣ halloween 2021 sfx range sfx scar putty, sfx blood spray, sfx ultimate face paint palette⁣ 3d faux mink lashes⁣ pout bomb maxi plump lip gloss⁣ what will you be buying? and did you see the latest drop from @revolutionpro this week?⁣ introducing the revolution pro radiant under eye concealer the best liquid concealer to brighten, colour correct and illuminate fatigued eyes whilst helping to diminish the appearance of fine lines enriched with vitamin c to brighten, niacinamide to even out skin tone hyaluronic acid to hydrate this creamy radiant concealer is the perfect all round concealer, but particularly beneficial to conceal dark circles brighten under eyes available now £8€9.99$12 and find out more over on the @revolutionpro instagram! science is at the heart of air mascara! the metallic pink packaging is specifically designed to preserve the whipped formula based on hypoallergenic raw materials to ensure that it always feels comfortable, even on sensitive eyes. all fall vibes from @makeupcara using our new affinity forever flawless palette this is what cara said all fall vibes with makeuprevolution “affinity” eyeshadow palette. can you believe it’s only $15.00!? i just looked it up for this post and was totally shocked also, it was my first time using their “infinite conceal and define” concealer and it felt just like shapetape! i mixed 2 colors, a darker to conceal and a lighter to highlight. i also tried the vitamin c serum the cica cream under my makeup and am so impressed! felt like expensive skincare! all good things to say about makeuprevolution swipe to see the products used to create this look! become an absolute trendsetter this fall by wearing this stunning make-up look in purple shades. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ less hair-fall for all! with genesis you will find a routine for every hair type. if you have thick hair and are struggling with an intense peak of falling after the summer holidays, this is the right routine for you: 1. bathe with bain nutri-fortifiant to plump the fiber for intense resilience and to provide nourishment and detangle the hair 2. reconstruct and fortify the fiber with the masque reconstituant 3. protect your hair from the heat with the defense thermique 4. activate the scalp with a 6 weeks course treatment with the ampoules cure fortifiante anti-chute find your routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon https:hair-salons.kerastase.com genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. overnight moisture infusion? yes, please! new serum does all the work while you get your beauty sleep. wake up to skin drenched in hydration when you tap to shop. we launched this week, our biggest plump effect yet! introducing our pout bomb maxi plump lip gloss! we’ve increased the active plumping ingredient meaning more plump, more pout! “over 70 said lips appear fuller and more plumped.” a size up from the best-selling pout bomb, 4.5ml to maxi plump 8.5ml, giving you almost double the amount of product for a lip injection effect! available in 2 shades⁣ glaze translucent a bigger version of our original⁣ divine a soft tinted pink⁣ £8€9.99$12 one palette. endless full face looks. what look would you create? the new becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette gives you bold colour and iridescent light for multidimensional looks for the face and eyes. @barbieferreira comment which shade best describes you below the cool-toned side of our 18-piece opposites attract eyeshadow palette has matte, satin and shimmer shades that are creamy and blendable so you can easily create a wide range of looks tap to shop for $14 strong skin is a must for everyone but coverage is up to you. combine skinlongevity long life herb serum with one of our clean foundations with spf for skin that's strong, radiant, and protected. @sephora so many ways to plump it up! volumize your lips face the easy way with our most scientifically advanced plumpers ever. leave a below if you spot your fave! fun fact: you can add a few drops of new to your stay-in-place to customize your coverage! take control and add a few drops for more sheer coverage! tap to shop. with our products find them @ultabeauty and wetnwildbeauty.com tag a babe who needs in their life is now available on morphe.com! @trendmood1 ice, ice, baby get frosty with our new frosé highlighter palette a dazzling array of vegan pearlescent pinks, shimmering berries rosy champages for every skin tone! as pro muas, we know it’s important to have snatched brows now, you can make sure everyone on your island slays with the help of our ride-or-die micro brow pencil we've partnered with @nookstreetmarket to offer you flawless designs available in 4 poppin' shades as a bonus, you can now download our exclusive squad jacket available only in get yours using the codes below: micro brow pencil blonde: mo-mtv5-5ysp-67wl micro brow pencil chocolate: mo-d6nf-wlbv-39n5 micro brow pencil espresso: mo-169q-1dwt-kh2c micro brow pencil dreamshade: mo-hnf3-smr0-m7f7 exclusive squad jacket: mo-bj94-df7n-1kpc play along live with our gamer babe partners over at @dignitas and show us your new island slay by tagging ode to the joy of fashion week. a look back to the past with @themarcjacobs from the runway spring 2020 marc jacobs show. in honor of fashion week, we’re throwing it back to past runway beauty looks created with dressed up like a piece of art, the new diorshow iconic overcurl mascara gives your lashes bold and extremely long-wear curl. diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black we're totally obsessed with this pink metallic balloon-shaped packaging! are you? not only is it iconic, it protects and seals the airy formula inside. will you join team khaki haze obsessions who's excited for the launch of our @hudabeauty haze obsessions palettes!! swipe left to see how gorgeous @monakattan got this look! time to vote!⁣⁣ this week, we launched 2 more new forever flawless palettes last week, we want you to tell us which one you like the look of the most 1 forever flawless midnight rose palette 2 forever flawless enchanted palette let us know your thoughts comment below with your fave! this is imporetantwatch ‘til the end to see why you should always prime! psa from isabel: head over to the able's sisters kiosk to download snatch-worthy brows slay your island! @danao.mu uses our epic ink liner epic wear liquid liner in white, yellow, red, and black to create this cute inspired eye look slay the brow game rep our exclusive squad jacket using the below codes. available only on micro brow pencil blonde: mo-mtv5-5ysp-67wl micro brow pencil chocolate: mo-d6nf-wlbv-39n5 micro brow pencil espresso: mo-169q-1dwt-kh2c micro brow pencil dreamshade: mo-hnf3-smr0-m7f7 exclusive squad jacket: mo-bj94-df7n-1kpc bling, bling, babe w these fluid metal and super matte to super-sparkle finishes from @nablacosmetics's cutie palette platinum now available on morphe.com select morphe stores on 9.15 in awe of this gorgeous glam by @paox33. she is next level in our born this way eye shadow palette! series 1 4 days to go⁣ the one with comment below and tell us your ideas on what products you think we are launching? look at those baby blues @mayamua created this icy blue look using our bite-size eyeshadows in açai you, retro paradise multi-dimensional face body shimmer in luna and lip liner from the retro paradise line shine lip kit. tap to shop! with you don’t have to compromise between beauty and anti-fall treatment. it treats hair-fall from the roots while caring for your lengths, you can then have the best of both worlds in one hair care routine. @gabisalles2 found her routine. now’s your turn by visiting your nearest kérastase salon: https:hair-salons.kerastase.com genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. giveaway closed congrats: @sochelmu, @lukedhuntley, @thehappycamper, @rosesammie, @muastephh, @izzy.cosmos, @maddyywolff, @ajgmoore, @sadonoccasion, @acoldfield! thank you to everyone who participated! 10 lucky babes will win the newness of what you'll win: brow crush tinted brow gel available in 5 shades happy glaze lipgloss available in 5 shades gleamcatcher illuminator available in 3 shades l-balm lip balm available in 4 shades prep polish lip scrub how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: fave product? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 91520 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 91620. just like fire @makeup.and.beast is blazinggg in beautiful take me back to brazil pigments a look that speaks volumes.️ major volume mascara was spotted on the runway at the show. in honor of fashion week, we’re looking back at past runway beauty looks created with photo credit: @taylorjewell which characters do you spy? @mcdrew has us dreaming of the island life with this inspired skull she uses our white liquid liner vivid brights liners in vivid petal, vivid envy, vivid delight, vivid sapphire, vivid halo, and vivid fire to bring the look to life. slay the brow game rep our exclusive squad jacket using the below codes. available only on micro brow pencil blonde: mo-mtv5-5ysp-67wl micro brow pencil chocolate: mo-d6nf-wlbv-39n5 micro brow pencil espresso: mo-169q-1dwt-kh2c micro brow pencil dreamshade: mo-hnf3-smr0-m7f7 exclusive squad jacket: mo-bj94-df7n-1kpc looking for your perfect match? imatch virtual shade expert is your go-to tool to find your flawless shade it's not only helpful but fun too! picture pairfect brows! @makeupemalii used new and to shape those arches! it's saturday do you know what that means? @ifyoulikeninacolada' creates this k.k slider inspired using our og epic ink liner slay the brow game rep our exclusive squad jacket using the below codes. available only on micro brow pencil blonde: mo-mtv5-5ysp-67wl micro brow pencil chocolate: mo-d6nf-wlbv-39n5 micro brow pencil espresso: mo-169q-1dwt-kh2c micro brow pencil dreamshade: mo-hnf3-smr0-m7f7 exclusive squad jacket: mo-bj94-df7n-1kpc smoky eyes on @scarlettcostello. every model that walked the runway had a unique look tailored to their personality to highlight their individuality. in honor of fashion week, we’re looking back to past runway beauty looks created with photo credit: @taylorjewell how you like our hello halo if you look at other blushlighters and then look at ours, we're pretty sure you'll say, yeah, we like that get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and always at wetnwildbeauty.com how you like our hello halo if you look at other blushlighters and then look at ours, we're pretty sure you'll say, yeah, we like that get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and always at wetnwildbeauty.com take every eye look across the universe with our galaxy chic 18 color shadow palette, full of everyday neutrals vibrant hues. and 40 off rn drop a if you want to try our metallic eyeshadow trios @rebeccaseals has us dreaming of springtime on the island she uses our matte liquid liner jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' to create this cute inspired look slay the brow game rep our exclusive squad jacket using the below codes. available only on micro brow pencil blonde: mo-mtv5-5ysp-67wl micro brow pencil chocolate: mo-d6nf-wlbv-39n5 micro brow pencil espresso: mo-169q-1dwt-kh2c micro brow pencil dreamshade: mo-hnf3-smr0-m7f7 exclusive squad jacket: mo-bj94-df7n-1kpc brb, we’re having a pumpkin spice moment. spice up your shadow collection with our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette that smells as good as it looks! stock up @sephora secure your glow!our luminous putty primer delivers a soft, radiant base for your makeup application and is infused with hyaluronic acid and vegan collagen to help plump and hydrate the skin. how to use it: -apply a thin, even amount to moisturized skin prior to makeup application. -allow to set for 30 seconds before applying foundation. -pro tip: apply primer to eyelids prior to eyeshadow application to lock your eyeshadow in place. tap to shop for $8 whether you want a sweet, pastel look or a neutral pick-me-up, our line has you covered. find them @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com take what you need! comment below with what some of your mini moments of happiness look like! gone fishing how are you spending your saturday on the island? @aimee.k uses our epic ink liner to slay the look slay the brow game rep our exclusive squad jacket using the below codes. available only on micro brow pencil blonde: mo-mtv5-5ysp-67wl micro brow pencil chocolate: mo-d6nf-wlbv-39n5 micro brow pencil espresso: mo-169q-1dwt-kh2c micro brow pencil dreamshade: mo-hnf3-smr0-m7f7 exclusive squad jacket: mo-bj94-df7n-1kpc @liliya is turning all the way up with a stunner two-toned look from the avocado toast palette fierce af @indigotohell gets a slicked up, sultry brow look using beautiful @mernahermez creates her favorite fall look based on our new and limited enter the new golden twenties collection. get the look: blush couture beauty box quattro limited edition eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration eye designer refill n°21a golden days mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet full waves curling mascara perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl perfect color lipstick n°819 confetti shower art couture nail lacquer n°614 fading our new art couture nail lacquer n°614 fading is the perfect nail polish shade for naturally beautified nails.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wear it your colourway! honey, we shrunk the popular forever flawless palettes, to offer you 8 convenient mini eyeshadow palettes shop the nude shades with the serenity forever dynamic swipe for swatches be the 1st to try our air volume mega mascara! it's whipped formula contains hypoallergeic raw materials that have undergone a rigorous selection process to ensure you enjoy beautifully blown out lashes with comfortable wear. it's also suitable for sensitive eyes. using the right eyeshadow palette can bring out the colours in your eyes or contrast for standout eyes but how do you choose the right shades to suit you? we have just launched 8 forever dynamic palettes, we have picked a palette for each eye colour to help! swipe to see our eye guide!⁣ blue eyes look for warm colours that have orange undertones, like copper corals and bronze⁣ brown eyes bring out the natural colour of your eyes with brown tones or try contrasting colours like green and blue⁣ green eyes brighten green eyes by adding green, brown, copper and gold shades. for a stunning eye look purple will compliment green eyes⁣ hazel eyes go for the gold to brighten hazel eyes or add shades like dusty pinks, burgundy, raspberry and wine to flatter which of our 4 brandnew eyeshadows from our enter the new golden twenties collection is your favorite?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru the ultimate anti-fall complex! genesis channels benefits of powerful ingredients to create an anti-fall effect in a formula that promotes beautiful hair in luxurious salon and at-home rituals! watch as we test the dual anti-fall action of genesis! fragrance can transport you to another place, but takes you back to all of those favorite moments in your life. from weddings to birthdays, unleash those memories when you tap to shop. the beautiful colours of our forever flawless affinity palette with our new 3d faux mink lashes in 'fluffy' the perfect combination! congratulations to our ambassador @naomiosaka on her big win! @shiseidocorp photo by getty images 3 clean makeup essentials for the perfect morning routine. get them all in our limited-edition @sephora exclusive kit for only$38. kit features: complexion rescue tinted moisturizer endless summer bronzer in shade warmth bounce blur blush in shade mauve sunrise just dropped introducing our hot collab with superstar beauty influencer too faced bff @mariale! the new amor caliente eye cheek palette is sexy, spicy, and limited-edition! get yours on toofaced.com! what do you guys think of my first khaki haze obsessions look? rate it from 1 to 10, 10 being best. can't wait to see all of your amazing haze looks!! repost @huda launching on @hudabeautyshop all our other retailers sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com which are you eyeing for? sand, purple, or khaki?! gorgeous by @zayybeauty omg how gorg is @mameadjei?? makeup by the talented @ernestocasillas using khaki repost i was fortunate enough to get my hands on these palettes before they launch and decided to create this modern smoky eye using the khaki haze obsessions palette. i was drawn by the unique olive and warm undertones in the shadows and i decided to create a look that’s my version of a modern smoky eye if you could only choose one product to use every day for the rest of your life, would you choose our ride or die lip balm or bite-size face duos? tap to shop for hydrated lips and glowy cheeks @thebeautyradar sweet to eat flex on 'em during every meal of the day with the newest treat on the menu blueberry muffin shadow palette! good morning to no one except @cloudglitters night sky eyes what would you name this look? i'll take ten more bottles, please, and thank you! @jamiejchung can't get enough of new whether it's the high levels of or the 8-hour anti-oxidant protection, you'll find a reason to love our too! tap to shop join now! our glossy lip volumizer lipgloss gives your lips seductive volume within seconds. have you tried it?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @emi.ly.98⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @sabrinabeauty.mua photography: @tanjajuliana.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ retouch: @retoucher.krasulina⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ runway glow, courtesy of moisturizer. powered by pineapple enzymes, was used to create a glowing, makeup-ready canvas for the dewy skin that was seen on the runway. photo credit: @taylorjewell did somebody say satisfy your cravings with a hit of honey dew me up primer inspired by honey’s golden glow, we developed a primer that neutralizes the appearance of discoloration redness our innovative light reflective gold flecks create a luminous look that will help keep your skin looking radiant all day available online at nyxcosmetics.com @katieamerrick it's impossible to get enough of it! air volume mega mascara is equipped with a double bristle cushiony brush. a clever innovation driven by new technology to guarantee that your lashes feel light as air. which one of your friends would this product? get this dior couture attitude with the new diorshow iconic overcurl mascara. it will intensify the natural curl of your lashes and give them spectacular volume. diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black we want you to tell us what products you think are missing from the revolution range and what would you like to see us launch next year! comment below and tell us your ideas! how many days a week do you wear foundation?! a. 0 b. 1-3 days c. 4-6 d.every day! ps. get a @beautyblender for just $15 when you purchase our liquid foundation from @sephora with code: blender @micaelaladavis knows that her adorable @sanrio look needs our to be just perfect get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com meet prep polish lip scrub packed with shea butter, coconut oil, and jojoba oil, this lightweight formula exfoliates, conditions, and smooths lips for a perfect lip color application. how to use: start with clean lips and swipe until you have a decent amount on your lips continue to apply for first time use until you feel the exfoliation begin. use your finger to gently massage the scrub in circular motions. remove the lip scrub with a tissue or use a damp washcloth. shop on morphe.com! fall in love with sexy color our new amor caliente palette is packed with modern, wearable mattes, shimmers that make it easy to create @mariale's signature fun, fabulous looks! it's national honey month so we thought we'd sweeten up your feed ft. here is our oh-so satisfying honey dew me up primer series 1 3 days to go⁣ brb heading to central perk @halfagemini slays that over-the-shoulder gaze with a perfectly plump pout in our chai latte plumping lip duo we know how challenging it can be to always find the right balance between hectic work schedule and taking care of yourself. we also know how stress, lack of sleep, pollution and nutrition can have an impact on your hair’s health. @emrata, the successful business woman that she is, just like the rest of us knows how crucial it is to take care of yourself and have personal me-time to catch a break from time to time. it is important for our mental and physical health. whether it’s meditating, taking a long bath, watching your favorite tv shows or just simply laying on your couch doing absolutely nothing at all. everything starts from your mindset. the line is here to care for your hair because we know how frustrating it can be to deal with hair-fall on top of the challenges we have to face on a daily basis. never be afraid of falling. genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. except the bottle’s cap. closedit's we're feelin' super sweet we're giving 5 lucky hunnies our honey dew me up primer here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official sweepstakes rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on september 13, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on september 14, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. wow is an understatement @chelsealouder built these brows using: brow powder in shade 3 pomade in shade 4 just because summer is ending, doesn't mean your summer glow has to go too. we have a few favorites that will help you feel the glow for just a little bit longer. tap to shop and our collection now.⁣ @sarastarlife all eyes on long lashes and bold eyeliner were spotted backstage at the runway show. model: @ilonadesmet photo credit: @taylorjewell sweet like honey @sophiageorgiou has us drooling with this video of our honey dew me up primer give your skin the drink of water it needs with this hydrating kit of minis our jet set hydration kit includes mini sizes of: daily face cleanser prep and hydrate balm daily hydration moisturizer nourishing night cream illuminating eye cream tap to shop for $15 @diamond.atx bring your summer vibes into the fall with our pressed highlighter for your most natural, luminous glow. pair with ignite liquified light highlighter in shades inspired by our best-selling pressed highlighter, to add a pearlized glow to the body. sucker for a good duo of pink black what's your fave color duo? @taylorgrahammua. inspired by @aideenkate. line your eyes in lilac with our mist matched set, inspired by the runway spring 2020 marc jacobs collection. tap to shop this covetable set featuring in mist me?, mini dew drops in dew you?, and enamored lip gloss in cream and sugar. available on marcjacobsbeauty.com. @emilydemelo uses our honey dew me up primer soft matte lip cream in 'abu dhabi' butter gloss in ‘creme brulee' to slay her glowy, everyday makeup routine own your amor caliente with our newest collab created with superstar beauty influencer too faced bff @mariale! the amor caliente palette was created to celebrate friendship, a passion for sexy color, and a life full of fun creativity! available now on toofaced.com. that glow thooo pro artist @andreasantiago slays this ultra dewy base using our honey dew me up primer total control drop foundation in 'natural' born to glow radiant concealer in 'vanilla' get in on this syrupy goodness with a swipe of belgian waffle bronzer highlighter gorg on every skin tone and now @ultabeauty an edm-inspired entry by @emilyannecarden ️less than one week left to enter for the chance of a lifetime! if you haven't heard, we are remixing beautyscape this year with @umgbgram! 3 finalists will be chosen to: win a $10,000 cash prize contribute to el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be announcing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome by 918! so rock ‘n’ roll rose-gold blush is a hybrid of baked, powder, cream liquid textures for a glow like no other! this brow before-and-after raise your hand if you’re in need of a brow reboot right about now @mybrowplug enter the new golden twenties with @vanessa.tamkan and her created makeup look! watch the tutorial and get inspired wow, we are in love with this seductive make-up look! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ calligraphy dip eyeliner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @alexandrafonsatti⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @ninagmakeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ if you loved our forever flawless allure palette, you will love our forever flawless affinity palette too! check out all these shades! 18 in each!⁣ drop a comment below and let us know what you think try it for yourself! in case you didn't know...our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum only takes 6 weeks to reduce wrinkles by -47 and it doesn't stop there! it also intensily hydrates and replumps skin for a more youthful appearance. the perfect partner for any eyeshadow, and we have launched alot of those recently! take your shadows to a new level with the new revolution ultimate eye base collection!⁣ available in 3 shades for more pigment control choose from light, medium dark are you ready for crease-free pigment perfection!?⁣ £5€5.99$7 each no more dried lips! our hydra care lipstick n°06 precious oasis nourishes your lips while giving them an absolute gorgeous color for a natural make-up look! gorgeous khaki look by the talented @linamourey on the stunning @nathalieparis swipe for @creative.cliche's review watch until the end to find out what her new everyday palette is reposting via tiktok. she's so amazing, love her sooo much!! launching tonight on hudabeauty.com retailers everywhere! beautiful sooooo happy that you guys are loving your featuring these amazing ladies @selenagomez from @vogue @asmaglamz @farahmakeupandhair @nadiatakchiii @selmaaldini discover the new 5 couleurs eyeshadow palette with its new couture twist and style. new colors, new finishes, each a perfect match with an iconic piece of the dior couture wardrobe: black bow, denim, mitzah and rouge trafalgar. 5 couleurs couture 079 black bow 5 couleurs couture 279 denim 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black the 5 star treatment! thank you for choosing our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum. we are delighted to see that so many of you love it. special thanks to sarah and samght from the uk for these heart-warming reviews. envelop yourself with rich, velvety florals and sensuous cedarwood vanilla… introducing the newest addition to the @aerin premier collection: ambrette de noir. this warm amber floral is sensual, captivating and refined. catch the light, not your hair. zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip catches and reflects the light around you for your most pure glow. a skin-strengthening serum 24-hour hydrating coverage the best defense for beautiful, healthy-looking skin. have you heard?! we just launched the hottest collab with our bff @mariale! the amor caliente palette is packed with bold colors that push boundaries inspire you to take over the world! tap to shop! recharge and soothe your under eyes with the cooling, creamy and quick absorbing formula of our 50mg cbd eye cream! ingredients we love: full spectrum cbd known to soothe and nourish the skin hyaluronic acid helps provide hydration by locking in moisture resulting in a plumped up, bouncy complexion peptide complex known to help reduce the appearance of aging click the to shop these soft neutrals rose gold hues are singersongwriter @madisonbeer’s musts for any occasion which shade is your fave? one day till @madisonbeer's launch: 9.15 morphe.com select morphe stores, @theofficialselfridges, @sephoracanada 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @bootsuk, @feelunique, @prettylittlething⁣⁣, @cultbeauty, @douglascosmetics, @cloud10beauty, @themakeupspotnl 9.29 @meccamaxima 10.22 @sephoramx red lips and dramatic eyes this is what we call a perfect look for beautiful autumn days. products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @msmaverickmuse makes us want to pour anotha glass with citrusy mimosa shadows our lightweight 3d lashes for an extra pop of glam alert we've partnered with @carolsdaughter to create the ultimate homecoming beauty collection so you can slay like royalty irl or virtually! 3 beauties 3 of their friends will receive some of our faves @carolsdaughter's goddess strength collection to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics @carolsdaughter like this post tag a fellow beauty queen who would love this us only. official sweepstakes rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:00 am pdt on september 14, 2020 and ends at 9:00 am pdt on september 30, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. all products available at target. pocket-sized power! which mini porefessional primer is your go-to? opulent layers of rich, velvety florals: handpicked rose petals, freesia and orange flowers blend with ambrette and tonka absolute for rich, seductive dimension. tap to shop @aerin’s new premier ambrette de noir. what a look! @madelineboateng is loving @makeupbytammi 's makeup revolution collection and we love this look! product list:⁣ makeup revolution x tammi tropical twilight eyeshadow palette⁣ conceal define full coverage foundation conceal define full coverage concealer c13⁣ makeuprevolution x tammi golden hour deep dark face palette⁣ makeup revolution x tammi lip set les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. all the 35 les beiges shades. sculpt and shimmer simultaneously with our megaglo blushlighter get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com today only! chat virtually 1-on-1 with an @ultabeauty advisor. all you have to do is open the ulta beauty app and start your chat between 12 4 pm cdt. head to the @linkinbio to download and chat now. series 1 2 days to go⁣ shout out to the 90s kids who know the feeling who dis? do you guys like me as a blonde? edit by my talented love @hudabeauty.updates @huda bedtime routine essentials make the most of your beauty sleep with our hydrating and nourishing hangover good in bed serum. tap to shop @sephora @melachild is major skin with this flawless, matte beat she uses our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer matte setting spray for a transfer-proof glam change of seasons, pollution, weather, uv rays... external factors can alter the hair growth cycle and increase hair-fall. who says you can’t have a healthy hair on the go? with you don’t have to be afraid of falling anymore, you can bring your little pink gems everywhere you go. prevent hair-fall whenever and wherever you are! genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. except the bottle’s cap. @lipsonfire half-cut crease is all avo everything these gorg green avocado toast shadows are now available @ultabeauty! smooth skin for the win! cares about your skin just as much as you do! from creating new formulas to putting them to the test, we're 100 committed to ensuring the safety of our products, like the new 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum! graphic, blacquer eyes and a nude lip. taking a look back at this barbra streisand-inspired look from the runway created with in blacquer. model: @zhengnes photo credit:@taylorjewell can your foundation pass the transfer-proof test? @zeezyxbeauty slays all day with our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation makeup setting spray matte add some spice to your eyeshadow collection with our bite-size eyeshadow in hot jalapeño! it provides four ultra-pigmented blendable shades for a spicy eye look. available at @superdrug new @aerin ambrette de noir: a parfum with the magical power to conjure up a mystery, a romance, a journey of the imagination, with every drop. runway to real way. create a shimmering smoky eye with a nude lip for a runway-inspired look. tap to shop our everything goes with blacquer set, inspired by the runway spring 2020 marc jacobs collection. this set includes: a limited edition collectible bag in blacquer lip crème in cream sugar mini mascara see-quins eyeshadow in glitter rock available on marcjacobsbeauty.com. the ultra-buttery formula of our sunlit bronzers make it easy to layer shades and add definition while still looking natural and sun-kissed. shades pictured: bali sands: soft golden-beige bronzed bondi: medium amber maui nights: rich sienna-bronze pro artist @muamartini makes this graphic liner look wayyy too easy she uses our new epic wear liner sticks to create the look here's the full breakdown: micro brow pencil in black epic wear liner sticks in graphic purple frosted lilac pitch black born to glow! radiant foundation in vanilla slip tease full color lip oil in red queen are you a shimmer or a matte babe? vote below @beautywithstephanie welcome to the beauty brand community, @selenagomez! congrats on @rarebeauty and thank you for encouraging us all to embrace what makes us rare selena goes for matte bronzer to get a natural-looking, shimmer-free bronze in her most recent @voguemagazine video @thetaylorcherie wears our new ultimate utopia shadow palette epic ink liner for this everyday, natural slay not your average pumpkin spice. transition your looks into fall with the warm, spicy, deliciously scented shades in our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette. anyone else's fave color just change to green?! @nataliadorbat is servinggg the menu with avocado toast eyes bellini blush and luscious chai latte lips pretty in punk pink with this glittering silver eye look using see-quins glam glitter eyeshadow in glitter rock. @karlyloyce wears runway spring 2020 marc jacobs. photo credit: @taylorjewell where are our glow getters at? the glow gleam beam highlighter palette has every highlight shade you need for a daytime glow or a nighttime shine shop for $10 plus free shipping on all orders! @shamelesslydia slays this icy graphic liner using our new epic wear liner sticks in graphic purple frosted lilac life’s little luxuries which mini is your must-have? tell us in emojis only! always have a fresh look on lock with our all-in-one nouveau neutrals 26 color shadow blush palette, full of ultra-wearable shades with high-impact payoff are you ready for a shiny, rich color with vinyl gloss effect on your nails? our art couture nail lacquer has an innovative brush for easy, accurate application.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the complete look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refills n°21a n°94⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail laquer n°698 roasted chestnut image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hairmake upphotographyretouch: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @laratronick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pumped with light reflecting particles and brightening vitamin c for that radiant finish the new conceal glow foundation provides you with that all year round glow macro or micro hyaluronic acid? we say both! the 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum combines these 2 types of pure hyaluronic acids. do you want to know their properties? macro hydrates and smooth's the skin surface micro plumps out wrinkles from within tell us what’s your pro tip when using the product? glow on the go with the revolution fast base glow stick available in two shades, this soft-focus cream highlighter gives the skin a gorgeous glossy and illuminated glow this gorgeous highlighter stick is encased in a travel-friendly metallic retractable case, perfect to add an extra pop of glow throughout the day with our eye designer applicator, different colors of our eye designer refills can be individually combined. the limited edition comes with a filigree pattern and gold accents. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°558, 574, 197, 525⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail laquer n°698 roasted chestnut⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @helenaurica⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographyretouch: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ how gorg are these babies?! haze obsessions are you team khaki haze purple haze or sand haze?! comment your fav below repost @thebeautyradar turn up that glow! the conceal glow foundation and fast base glow sticks are now in selected @superdrug stores! pick up your free beam dream illuminating primer when you spend £12 on makeup revolution in store or on superdrug.com limited time only. whilst stocks last living in a hot and humid climate where pollution is very present can have an impact on your hair’s health. @aniskiss from malaysia takes care and protects her hair with her routine. genesis dual anti-fall action, fights hair fall from the roots and fall from breakage and it is for all women, all lifestyles, and all hair needs. find your genesis routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon: https:hair-salons.kerastase.com and get ready to never be afraid of falling. genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. except the bottle’s cap. our muse @bellahadid, wearing an intense blue makeup look with the 5 couleurs couture 279 denim. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. 5 couleurs couture 279 denim diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rachel @rachleary is glowing using our new conceal define glow foundation! with the makeup revolution x rachel leary goddess on the go palette eyes, bronzer, blush shimmer bronzer to complete the look! she's baaaack get your hands on the brush set that's just now back.in.stock. on our site! we are living for these fluorescent matte pink, orange, and red shades in our new amor caliente palette, created with our stunning bff @mariale! who has gotten their hands on this gorgeous palette?! les beiges. new healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. a silky, hydrating and protective texture for a natural result. an even, illuminated complexion for 12 hours. available in 35 shades. shop the shade: healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear br152 clinical evaluation on 21 women. beauty. diversity. vibrancy this we are proud to celebrate the culture, ideals, generational bonds and contributions of our hispanic community, including our we can’t wait to celebrate with you check out our instagram stories to see our upcoming live streams! i see benefits already and an excellent product are just snippets of reviews that we receive about the 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum. we want to hear your thoughts too! leave your own review below series 1 starting very soon!⁣ revolution will be there for you! lip glosses, eyeshadow palettes, lipsticks and accessories and that is just series 1! get ready for our biggest collaboration yet! monday blues? not with this face! @slaybyciara crafted the most gorgeous brows using goof proof eyebrow pencil 4.5 neutral deep brown and made her cheeks pop with our cheek stars reunion tour palette! say it bold or say it sweet with the @sanrio my melody kuromi lip glosses and liquid matte lip colors our new perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream with its special packaging generates the perfect glamourous, nude lip color! date night with @christophergoncalo sand haze obsessions giving me the most romantic sultry smokey eye. this palette is filled with dusty pinks, terracotta mixed with earthy berry metallics and creamy sand shades, working sooo well with those killer bold printed outfits and opulent tones. products used: @wishfulskin honey balm in sand all over body highlighter @hudabeautyshop hydrating mist 3 days left to enter we are loving @sandyhirales's @dualipa pop-inspired entry! if you haven't heard, we are remixing beautyscape this year with @umgbgram! 3 finalists will be chosen to: win a $10,000 cash prize contribute to el.f.’s next big beauty collection with music artists from @umgbgram we will be announcing the artists soon-stay tuned see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag unlimited entries welcome by 918! it’s the registered voter for us click the link in our bio to register @whenweallvote did you snag it?! the 9 piece brush set bag is back on our site but she's flying fast christmas came early this year, babe. we took your favorite warm toasty shades from our iconic gingerbread spice palette from christmas past and created a bite-sized version! shop our christmas collection on toofaced.com! it’s giveaway time! we’ve teamed up with the original makeup eraser to give two of you the chance to win a minis mascara set and a mini reusable makeup eraser! to enter: follow both @benefitcosmetics and @makeuperaser like this post tag 3 of your besties, along with @benefitcosmetics @makeuperaser! for extra entries, comment a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your instagram stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics, @makeuperaser and good luck! ends tomorrow, 916, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.lybenefitxmue the @madisonbeer collection is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores, @theofficialselfridges, @sephoracanada more launch dates: 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @bootsuk, @feelunique, @prettylittlething⁣⁣, @cultbeauty, @douglascosmetics, @cloud10beauty, @themakeupspotnl 9.29 @meccamaxima 10.22 @sephoramx les beiges. new healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. available in 35 shades. @elibeidy is wearing the br172 shade. rock the vote!! @oohweeeg @yrispalmer partner w @whenweallvote to get everyone registered to vote visit whenweallvote.orgnyxcosmetics or click the link in our bio to register. it’s that easy team revolution beauty is very excited about friends x revolution series 1 create soft-glam looks brighten your light like singersongwriter @madisonbeer the @madisonbeer collection is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores, @theofficialselfridges, @sephoracanada more launch dates: 9.20 @ultabeauty 9.22 @bootsuk, @feelunique, @prettylittlething⁣⁣, @cultbeauty, @douglascosmetics, @cloud10beauty, @themakeupspotnl 9.29 @meccamaxima 10.22 @sephoramx a sensual indulgence! the sérum anti-chute fortifiant’s fragrance is inspired by the energetic attitude that springs from many modern colognes. featuring citrusy, sun-ripened bergamot, along with aromatic herbs and a touch of floral, it is an uplifting olfactory indulgence. have you tried it already? genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. except the bottle’s cap. ultra-light, water-light oil-free, lightweight sorbet creme delivers 72-hour hydration for intense long-lasting moisture. like your skin looking flawless and airbrushed you need the perfectionist combo. start with skinlongevity long life herb serum to strengthen and follow with original loose mineral foundation to smooth over imperfections. brows browns @styledbyale styles her brows with closed until your voices are heard! we’ve partnered with @whenweallvote are kicking off election szn with a giveaway! we’re giving away a bundle of our current faves to lucky beauties! here’s how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics @whenweallvote like this post tag a friend tell them to vote! not registered? click the link in our bio us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on september 15, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on september 16, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. the one where we couldn’t wait to launch! friends x revolution series 1 starts now! calling all friends fans and beyond, we have launched our biggest collaboration yet on revolutionbeauty.com! we’ve partnered with friends the tv show for a collection more loaded than joey’s meatball sub with eyeshadow palettes, lipsticks, lip glosses and accessories, you’ll have everything you need to create an “oh my god” worthy tap the link in our bio to shop! hold on to the last days of summer with our juicy sheer slick lipsticks and free shipping on all orders infused with vitamin e to nourish, hydrate and protect your lips with a sheer, shiny finish tap to shop for $5 oh. my.god. friends x revolution is here! calling all friends fans and beyond, get ready as we launch our biggest collaboration yet! the one with all the makeup... friends flawless limitless palette £20€21.99$25⁣ character palettes £8€9.99$12⁣ character lipsticks £6€6.99$8⁣ character lip glosses £6€6.99$8⁣ the one with...all of the accessories! friends mirror £10€11.99$15⁣ cosmetic bag £8€9.99 $12⁣ scrunchie 3 pack coming soon £6€7.99$8⁣ all products available now on revolutionbeauty.com in honor of fashion week, we’re looking back at the runway fall 2020 marc jacobs show featuring smoky eyes and glowing skin. this smoked out look on @pashaharu was created using in blacquer for the @marcjacobs runway. photo credit: @taylorjewell discover the 20 shades that are singersongwriter @madisonbeer's absolute musts for any occasion @trendmood1 ready for a sweet deal? cakeless concealer is 50 off at @ultabeauty—today only in-store and online! ignite liquified light highlighter just won best liquid highlighter in the @allure best of beauty awards. have you tried? becca cosmetics ignite liquified light highlighter deposits a moisture-rich sheen that stays put until you wash it away. bounce it onto the high points of your face with a beauty sponge for the most flawless glow. @allure sold out again the essential brush set is gone again on our site head to our instagram stories and sign up to be first to know when she's back for the next drop @glowbysoph is giving us summer sweetness we're kicking off by celebrating some of our fave hispanic creators as fierce as she is stunning, @vanesssaromo inspires us with confidence on how to strike a pose. catch her in one of our upcoming campaigns spotted backstage at the eye-conic palette in glambition. this neutral palette was used to create the smoky eye looks that dominated the @marcjacobs runway. photo credit: @taylorjewell these irresistible shades, curated by singersongwriter @madisonbeer, feature full or sheer coverage, a smooth, buttery formula, and a brilliant, high-shine finish venus rosewood mercury cool mauve mars chai latte saturn dusty pink nude⁣ jupiter clear⁣ quick! if you were stranded on a desert island, which too faced foundation would you take with you?! sound off in the comments! our 100 mg full spectrum cbd facial oil will help soothe and reinvigorate the skin. why we love: infused with 100 mg full spectrum cbd formulated with marula oil known to help balance skin non-greasy and fast absorbing invigorates the senses with notes of chamomile and japanese citrus key ingredients: full spectrum cbd known to soothe and nourish the skin. marula oil helps balance skin grapeseed oil- helps retain moisture life is a balancing act. @moodsandviews explore now on elfcosmetics.com hispanic creators we love: @lauramakeup laura brightens our day with her addicting makeup tutorials captivating personality. hispanic creators we love: @itsisabelbedoya fierce, confident, and insanely talented. isabel has been a part of the fam since the beginning. make your eye color shine with this dramatic makeup inspired by our new collection enter the new golden twenties! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @topchiyanna⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ just try to tear your eyes away from this brow masterpiece @shine.shadows creates a canvas with our pro palette, then goes in with hair-like brush strokes of uses on the brow bone! prep, correct, and set your way to brighter under eyes. anti-fatigue under eye primer blurs lines preps for makeup application. under eye brightening corrector brightens the under eye area with light-reflecting illuminators. under eye brightening setting powder sets makeup brightens the under eye area. oh.my.god the one where you all loved friends x revolution so much some lines sold out already! series 1 started last night, and we will be back on air soon with those out of stock lines on revolutionbeauty.com keep watching! series 1 is also superdrug.com @superdrug, @ultabeauty, @beautybaycom, @makeupmusthaves.nl, @boozyshop and coming soon to @maquillalia @cocolitapl and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! welcome to the new golden twenties.are you as excited as we are to start your night with the lovely blush couture? get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @fatos.em⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @leaskye⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ “my eyes, my eyes” the ultimate collectable friends x revolution lipgloss has landed! designed to channel your favourite character vibes, each high shine lipgloss has a unique illustatration designed to have you instantly screaming oh my god at first sight! available in 6 shades:⁣ rachel clear gloss with subtle rose gold shimmer particles running through⁣ monica medium mauve neutral with silver shimmer particles running through⁣ phoebe deep wine⁣ joey brown tone nude⁣ chandler coral tone nude⁣ ross deep plum toned pink⁣ £6€6.99$8⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug, @ultabeauty, @beautybaycom, @makeupmusthaves.nl, @boozyshop and coming soon to @maquillalia, @cocolitapl and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! “something is wrong with the left phalange“ @bykatieeve is looking buffay we challenge you to transform in your favourite friends character upload your transformations and tag us on instagram or tiktok! katie has started the challenge by using the revolution x friends phoebe palette £8€9.99$12 featuring an array of 9 neutral shades to help you create phoebe's 90's inspired makeup look plus, for those days you may be bumping into your old scientist love flame or adopting your princess consuela persona friends enthusiasts, you'll know what we mean! add a pop of coral or some shimmer to take your look to a oh actually, no, i look good.” level complete your phoebe inspired look with the phoebe lipstick or phoebe lip gloss, both £6 €6.99£8 or complete your palette collection with the rest of your favourite characters: revolution x friends rachel palette revolution x friends monica palette upload your transformations and tag us on instagram or tiktok! rise strong, be bravely you! never be afraid of falling again with denim celebrates the timeless, casual-chic style of jeans, a new dior trademark! 5 couleurs couture 279 denim our new limited enter the new golden twenties collection transforms you in a beauty in the style of the twenties! get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ‘this is brand new information!’ in case you haven’t seen, we’re just dropped friends x revolution and we have the monica, rachael phoebe collections to help create your favourite friends 90s inspired look! swipe to see them all! ‘take your look to a seven’ each palette has a 9 shades and we can’t have character palettes without matching lipsticks! they’re almost too beautiful to handle! the friends x revolution lip glosses are designed to channel your favourite character vibes with a unique illustration design character palettes £8€9.99$12⁣ character lipsticks £6€6.99$8⁣ character lip glosses £6€6.99$8⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug, @ultabeauty, @beautybaycom, @makeupmusthaves.nl, @boozyshop, @maquillalia and coming soon to @cocolitapl and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! we challenge you to transform into your favourites friends character using our new range! tag us in your looks! we are loving @cakefacerj ‘s amazing friends face transformation! repost including audio show your lips some love lip repair potion forms a protective moisture mask on lips to help lock-in moisture, while helping to smooth lips surface and reduce fine lines. the one with... all the eyeshadow! this revolution flawless limitless 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create endless 90s looks. this palette contains everything from matte pops of blue, orange and pinks, plus shimmery olives, nudes and golds, all encased in a movie clapper board style for show stopping looks! plus, with the inclusion of 3 planetarium worthy highlighters for an out of this world glow! series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! the kind of message we love to receive! thank you all for your trust and love for kerastase! what do you love about genesis? tell us in the comments down below! and don’t forget to leave a comment and review on our website: www.kerastase.com the one with... the friends mirror @sonya.elle.dee has the full complete friends look using the monica palette, lipgloss and of course with that must-have friends mirror to make sure she is “looking good”! monica palette £8€9.99$12⁣ monica lipstick £6€6.99$8⁣ monica lip gloss £6€6.99$8⁣ friends mirror £10€11.99$15⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! exciting news for our matte lovers starting today through 922, beauty insider members will receive 4x the points when you purchase any shade of our new born this way matte foundation @sephora! online only. exclusions apply. use code bornthisway at checkout! pure colour, long-wear, and instant moisture. can your lipstick do all that? ultimate lipstick love is infused with hyaluronic acid to hydrate and instantly smooth the look of lips while softening. let it drop! twice a day, apply 2-3 drops of our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum to your face and neck for smooth, hydrated and replumped skin with -47 less wrinkles. @nyane basically invented pastel tones is back in stock on morphe.com only! music artists revealed!enter our 2020 beautyscape competition before friday 918 for the chance to collab with @pitizion and @tianamajor9 and a third music artist being announced soon! enter before friday 918 for the chance of a lifetime: collaborate with @umgbgram music artists @pitizion, @tianamajor9 and a third artist- stay tuned to help bring a music-inspired beauty collection to life! see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag enter before 918! feeling the rhythm of @kristiemakeup07’s glittering green brazil: rio edition beat girl talk about the new les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. available in 35 shades. @xie.chaoyu and @iamkerolyn are wearing the bd11 and b50 shades. welcome to a glamourous decade are you ready for the golden twenties? get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ “pivot!” to complete this collection, we have a full line up of insta-worthy accessories. choose from the cute pink lobster bag or sleek black cosmetics bag. and when it’s time for “feet up, hair up”, select your favourite scrunchie coming soon! to kick back and watch your favourite friends episode⁣ friends mirror £10€11.99$15⁣ cosmetic bag £8€9.99 $12⁣ scrunchie 3 pack £6€7.99$8⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! made for the babe who wants healthy hair stimulating made with natural ingredients like coffee and rosemary, this exfoliating scalp scrub removes product build-up detoxifies your scalp. caffeinated made with nourishing ingredients to help restore the hair shaft and hydrate the scalp, this 2-in-1 formula softens hair instantly and promotes healthier hair over time. @reillyjohnson. shop @frankbod on morphe.com select morphe stores we are giving away a $20 @walmart gift card every day this month to celebrate our new expanded assortment in-stores! enter for a chance to win in our instagram stories every day this month and check out our store locator at wetnwildbeauty.com to see if your local walmart now features more wet n wild! must be 18 years-old and live in the united states to enter. you'll get so many compliments on our blush, you'll be blushing underneath it get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com shout out to for keeping us bronzed all year long and for winning an @allure magazine best of beauty award! @gabrielle.shoots hispanic creators we love: @rosymcmichael rosy instantly brightens our day with her makeup looks radiating positivity we saw this from jade over on tiktok and we had to share! the friends x revolution excitement is real! @abbyroberts is here to slay our hearts is back in stock on morphe.com only! who's adding more purple to their glam this fall? @majdasakho shows off this stunning look by pairing our melted chocolate eye shadow shade warm fudgy melted matte lipstick shade granny panties. oh. my. god“ the ultimate collectable friends x revolution lipgloss has landed! channel your favourite character vibes, each high shine lipgloss has a unique illustration design- chandler, joey, monica, phoebe, rachel and ross- designed to have you instantly screaming oh my god at first sight! swipe for swatches each lip gloss provides an intense colour pay-off, with a wet look finish- the perfect collection to take you from day to night £6€6.99$8⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! les beiges. new healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. an imperceptible, hydrating and protective texture for a natural result. an even, illuminated complexion for 12 hours. available in 35 shades. shop the shade: healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b80 clinical evaluation on 21 women. we’re obsessed with our french ambassador’s gorgeous locks! what do you think is @jodielapetitefrenchie’s hair care routine? oh. my. god“⁣ “how you doin’?” to celebrate the launch of the friends x revolution series 1 range today, we have 5 sets of the full collection to give away for you and your friend! good luck!⁣ to be in with a chance of winning all you have got to do is:⁣ like this post⁣⁣ follow us @makeuprevolution⁣⁣⁣⁣ comment on this post and tag a friend⁣⁣ tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on monday 21st september 2020. three winners will be chosen at random on this post. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 5 winners will receive 2 sets of the full collection. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. hispanic creators we love: @iluvsarahii ever since our first campaign with karen, we knew she'd be a part of the fam forever. we're constantly stunned by her fierce beats passion for beauty the neon green of our dreams @nyane match game is on a whole other level in gorg take me back to brazil pigments friends x revolution is here! calling all friends fans and beyond, get ready as we have launched our biggest collaboration yet! the one with... all of the makeup and accessories! series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! 2 days left to enter enter before friday 918 for the chance of a lifetime: collaborate with @umgbgram music artists @pitizion, @tianamajor9 and a third artist- stay tuned to help bring a music-inspired beauty collection to life! see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag click on the link in bio for more information hispanic creators we love: @elvirarelv elvira inspires us everyday with her fearlessness. here's a bts moment from our shout loud campaign we love our @maddieziegler showing us the details of creating her line hispanic creators we love: @jimenareno jimena's vibrant makeup, artistic talents, and lively personality brighten our day a difference you can’t deny. instantly brighten the under eye area with one of our best-sellers, under eye brightening corrector. feelin’ very complementary @lilfiremac defines her brows with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 2.75 warm auburn 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! hello to these bold, multi-dimensional, and voluminous faux minx @lillylashes and hello to them only @alicelensesnl shop @lillylashes on morphe.com morphe select stores only!⁣ hispanic creators we love: @laurengiraldo energetic, ambitious, and compassionate. lauren lights up any room inspires us with her positivity live your light with these soft glam neutrals from singersongwriter @madisonbeer hot hot hot our amor caliente collab with our babe @mariale is packed with bold, sexy, spicy shades and it ships free on toofaced.com! comment something that makes you happy in honor of our happy hydration cream we love happy hydration cream for its luxurious, creamy texture and e.l.f.ing amazing ingredients including hemp seed oil, vitamin b5, hyaluronic acid and niacinamide @elenitalksskincare hispanic creators we love: @doralysbritto doralys inspires us to embrace our individuality live life in color the btch lets loose tomorrow check back in for more details on this fatally fabulous drop we’ve got it all together get our cheekleaders pink or bronze squad palettes for 50 off now at @macys! @bethelight81 brow-za! @esmeraldagudino is looking fresh and flawless with those perfectly-defined brows! gorgeous lips create a brilliant smile! perfect color for an expressive autumn look! get the look: perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @fatos.em⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @leaskye⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ “i know, i know” the revolution flawless limitless 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create endless looks for special occasions, natural nude everyday looks and eye poppin' looks to have people saying oh.my.god! £20€21.00$25�⁣ the revolution x friends monica, rachel phoebe palettes each feature a different array of 9 shades to help you create your favourite friends 90’s inspired makeup look £8€9.99$12⁣ plus, for those days you may be proposing to your best friend friends enthusiasts, you’ll know what we mean! add a pop�of colour or some shimmer to take your look to a seven series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom and on friday to @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! one word: wow! our adorable artdeco beauty @haticeschmidt brings you in the mood of the roaring twenties. get inspired by the fall colors of our enter the new golden twenties collection and recreate her look with this tutorial used products: beauty box quattro limited edition eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum eye designer applicator limited edition eye designer refill n°21a golden days blush couture limited edition mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream limited edtion all in one mascara waterproof art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut friends x revolution @rachleary has the phoebe vibes today using the new collection! transform into your favourite character tag us in your looks! make your eyes pop with a blue smoky eye look! makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. 5 couleurs couture 279 denim eye candies are you team pastels, haze or nude? let us know in the comments below gorg shot by @makeup.just.for.fun new les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. available in 35 shades. @iamkerolyn is wearing the b50 shade. a dynamic woman needs a that can keep up! move effortlessly through your days while having style and glamour. tap to shop @lovegracee’s shade, persuasive 333 now. we can't take our eyes off @tiffbytiffany's lashes new strength length serum-infused mascara helps lashes look longer and fuller with its unique patent-pending 3-sided brush. check it out for yourself @sephora “for the first time in vogue's 128-year history, all 26 editions have united to celebrate positive voices from around the world that are pushing for change.” vogue. in a world that upsets us and challenges us every day, one thing seems to get us stronger: hope. this hope can make us realize how self-worth is even more important. that’s why l’oréal paris is proud to contribute to all these 26 editions over the world and by featuring a special lesson of worth from @violadavis inside. because it’s time to spread the hope, it’s time to spread the worth. @malaeakina from becca creative uses the 3 steps in to brighten her under eyes before her zoom meeting. caution: looks in the new drop dead gorgeous collection can kill drop their jaws to the floor with fully vegan serially seductive shadow palettes, a badass eye brush set plus a tempting drip of glitter let's talk texture. our new skinlongevity long life herb night treatment is a smooth, lightweight, non-greasy gel cream and it feels amazing. @lostwithkristen who's breaking out their fall faves? top off your matte look with 24 hours of oil-free, shine-free, naturally flawless skin with our born this way matte foundation! available @sephora life is better with friends! give a friend £5 off and get £5 back! find out more on how to refer a friend on revolutionbeauty.com life is better with friends! give a friend £5 off and get £5 back! find out more on how to refer a friend on revolutionbeauty.com les beiges. new healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. available in 35 shades. @xie.chaoyu is wearing the bd11 shade. @lipsticknick is giving the pop of shimmer this thursday needs congrats to our winners: @michellelifestylez and @evscotti we’ve partnered with fashion babes @lulus to give away an e.l.f.ing amazing prize pack! 1 lucky winner will receive: $250 gift card to lulus.com $250 gift card to elfcosmetics.com rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @lulus [2] like this post [3] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! head to @lulus for another chance to win! giveaway starts now and ends sunday, september 20th at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. the winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. are you ready for an irrestible look? get the look: beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @natalia.osipova.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @gretaaschmidt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ liner gloss setting spray all your faves are now 30 off for our friends family sale! don't get fomo, shop now til 921 @beautyandboujee giveaway closed! congrats @nikkicolt, @billswife14, @cherielavi, @icorinne, @makeupwaubrey! thank you to everyone who participated. five lucky winners will win our latest hair-care additions to the @frankbod @invisibobble what you'll win: @frankbod caffeinated scalp scrub @frankbod caffeinated hair mask @invisibobble orginal crystal clear @invisibobble orginal true black @invisibobble scrunchie true black how to enter: follow @morphebrushes,⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @frankbod, @invisibobble like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: what do you love about your hair? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends on 92120 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 92220. “for the first time in vogue's 128-year history, all 26 editions have united to celebrate positive voices from around the world that are pushing for change.” vogue. in a world that upsets us and challenges us every day, one thing seems to get us stronger: hope. this hope can make us realize how self-worth is even more important. that’s why l’oréal paris is proud to contribute to all these 26 editions over the world and by featuring a special lesson of worth from @violadavis inside. some lessons are worth learning or revisiting, especially those about the importance of knowing your worth. it can be a daily challenge, but the relationship with ourselves will always be our most significant one. because it’s time to spread the hope, it’s time to spread the worth. brow pen, but make it extra 3 prongs are better than 1 for creating that crisp, clean microbladed effect! “o is for oh wow!” the ultimate collectable friends x revolution lipglosses! channel your favourite character vibes, each high shine lipgloss has a unique illustatration design- chandler, joey, monica, phoebe, rachel and ross- designed to have you instantly screaming oh my god at first sight! @nailasworld tries them all! the palette that's truly full of amor, just for you which shade from our new amor caliente collab with social queen @mariale is your fave?! to @madisonbeer's vma moment using everything from her collection mua: @makeupbybrookehill⁣ madison used: lip gloss in jupiter clear shimmer highlighter in fairy tears luminous setting spray in seal the deal the channel surfing palette shades zero, jericho, rabbit hole, zeppelin, and 3553 we are giving away a $20 @walmart gift card every day this month to celebrate our new expanded assortment in-stores! enter for a chance to win in our stories and check out our store locator at wetnwildbeauty.com to see if your local walmart now features more wet n wild! must be 18 years-old and live in the united states to enter. and this is why they're called make-up artists! @klamourmakeup using our to create a masterpiece at kérastase we care for women and we celebrate those who live life to the fullest and beyond. we believe empowering women to go beyond society gender roles, cultural expectations and time pressures it key to help women look feel the best version of themselves. at kérastase we empower women to go beyond pressures of time and help them to overcome the effects of it. what if you could preserve your youthful state? more coming soon…. drop their handles so we can creep neutral lids and lips are always in season. @krinihdez wore the eye-conic palette in glambition for the runway fall 2020 marc jacobs show. photo credit: @taylorjewell @theerealkarlaj is a real bombshell in this head-turning crimson look from our just dropped drop dead gorgeous collection oh. my.god. the one where some of friends x revolution is back in stock! check out revolutionbeauty.com if something is not back in stock yet, make sure you click that 'notify me' option! lipstick speaks louder than words, and our lipstick collection has a lot to say from its smooth and even application to its creamy and velvety formulas, you’ll be talking about it too. when we're in need of a pick-me-up even if we're just at home with our roomies helps us channel a brighter mood. tap to shop now! lipstick shades left to right: persuasive 333, rebellious rose 420, irrepressible 120 our ultimate utopia shadow palette is a major fall vibe cop our latest obsession og faves for 30 off only at nyxcosmetics.com. no code needed you're welcome @2000zaidamua pink pouty with @hr914 have you entered our music-inspired 2020 beautyscape competition yet?! enter before friday, 918 for the chance of a lifetime: collaborate with @umgbgram music artists @pitizion, @tianamajor9 and a third artist- stay tuned to help bring a music-inspired beauty collection to life! see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag good luck babes! your hair needs some tlc from scalp to strands provides exactly that:⁠⁣⁣ biotin: strengthens overall hair health⁠⁣⁣ vitamin b12: provides healthy follicle support⁠⁣⁣ zinc: promotes hair follicle production⁠⁣⁣ folic acid: helps hair grow smoothly⁠⁣⁣ fo-ti: boosts natural hair color⁠⁣⁣ paba: maintains healthy color⁠⁣⁣ shop @humnutrition on morphe.com select morphe stores only! to last years what should i be this year? monica's energetic makeup tutorials colorful personality motivates us to live fearlessly @raincornelius this is what pastel rainbow dreams are made of is back in stock on morphe.com only! line your eyes with in blacquer and volumize your lashes with mascara to create a look inspired by the runway. model: @sknnieminnie photo credit: @taylorjewell adds every shade of butter gloss to cart what are you picking up during our friends family sale? say to our 8 new shades $10 now available on morphe.com select morphe stores or get 'am all! the bold 8 mega matte lipstick collection is available on morphe.com only! $55 $80 value looking for some glam inspo for our new @mariale amor caliente palette?! follow along as global beauty director, elyse shows you how to create this spicy look! products used:⁣ amor caliente palette shades chili, slice, donut⁣ high blush shade amorcito⁣ born this way matte foundation shade seashell⁣ born this way super coverage shade marshmallow⁣ radiant, youthful looking skin. moisturizer and were used to create a flawless complexion at the @marcjacobs runway fall 2020 show. models: @kylaramseyxoxo, @maike.inga, @laramullen photo credit: @taylorjewell gimme that mini! which of our minis are stashed in your makeup bag?! @gabrielle.shoots light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow features a pigmented primer that preps lids with rich colour. layer on the twinkling topper of kaleidoscopic pearls for a colour-shifting chrome finish. shown in laser, a deep plum primer with a violet shimmer topper. hispanic creators we love: @tarashailyn bright, fearless, and compassionate. her fierce makeup looks inspire us to play with color for bad btches only the new collection will knock them out before they even know what hit 'em who's gonna be first to get their claws on it??! we could stare at neutral looks all day @paox33 wears the hydrating camo concealer in shade tan sand for a flawless face tap to shop for $6! that full face feeling @glambyjer creates flawless arches with gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4.5 neutral deep brown and goof proof eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black! 3 different new shades, 3 different looks we can't get enough of our new perfect color lipsticks in the style of the golden twenties. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @msmartphotograph⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @helenaurica⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ”have you looked in the mirror lately?!”⁣ the revolution x friends handheld mirror is what every makeup enthusiast needs! the perfect size to see your whole face whilst applying makeup, with a robust handle to move and concentrate on each area of application. plus, the iconic purple door makes for the perfect accessory for any friends fan! with no reflections, it's also perfect to film those youtube videos we know the reflection struggle is real!.⁣ £10€11.99$15 how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get a chic and timeless blue eye look? 5 couleurs couture 279 denim diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black dior lip maximizer 001 pink “for the first time in vogue's 128-year history, all 26 editions have united to celebrate positive voices from around the world that are pushing for change.” vogue. in a world that upsets us and challenges us every day, one thing seems to get us stronger: hope. this hope can make us realize how self-worth is even more important. that’s why l’oréal paris is proud to contribute to all these 26 editions over the world and by featuring a special lesson of worth from @violadavis inside. because it’s time to spread the hope, it’s time to spread the worth. thanks to our signature products of our limited enter the new golden twenties collection. are you prepared for a sparkling night with glamourous accents? products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limitied edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the one with… all of the accessories! choose from the cute pink lobster bag or sleek black cosmetics bag both perfect to keep toiletries, foundation, eyeshadow and beyond everyday- or to travel with! the perfect gift for a friend tv show fan! series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom pinkpanda @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! les beiges. new healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. an imperceptible, hydrating and protective texture for a natural result. an even, illuminated complexion for 12 hours. available in 35 shades. shop the shade: les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b30 clinical evaluation on 21 women. in modern society women constantly feel the pressure of time. they are expected to be everywhere, juggling multiple roles and fulfilling others' expectations all at the same moment. kérastase believes in empowering women to rise above these pressures, rewind and truly kérastase's most iconic range returns better than ever. chronologiste has long been the premier solution for unrivaled hair revitalization and regeneration. this year, revitalize your hair from scalp to tip with a new anti-ageing hair care routine. combining advanced technology and a luxurious sensoriality, the new chronologist gives women an indulgent experience that helps to achieve the most beautiful, vital head of hair possible now, tomorrow and forever. live beyond time with chronologiste. the new chronologiste youth revitalizing care restores youthful dimensions to scalp and hair for a hair that defies the effects of time. live beyond time. we're still thinking about ambassador @naomiosaka's big win last weekend. omg her eyelashes! repost @meplusfashion friends x revolution! @ling.kt creates some friends inspired looks with the new collection transform into your favourite character tag us in your looks! this wild range of ultra-pigmented swatches is full-on crazy including everything from radical reds to brooding blues, you'll slay them all this and beyond! whether at home or out rebuild it! ladies you heard @evalongoria... it's time to train your hair to resist with our power mask! it's supercharged with to reinforce your hair from root to tip. results? x2 more strength and x2 less breakage. time to kick back and relax. with these two, you can rest easy knowing that your skin is strong and protected. your face will benefit from this today only, all cheek box o’ powders are 50 off online only at @ultabeauty! now’s the time to stock up on your favorite bronzers, highlighters blushes! @gabrielle.shoots pumpkin spice like you've never seen it before. create endless sultry looks with the warm spicy shades in our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette. shop now @sephora @barbieferreira stuns on the red carpet wearing light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow. barbie wears refract, a sky blue primer with a rainbow shimmer topper. comment below and don't forget to enter before 12pm pst 3pm est today for the chance of a lifetime: collaborate with @umgbgram music artists @pitizion, @tianamajor9 and a third artist- stay tuned to help bring a music-inspired beauty collection to life! see your collection sold at a top e.l.f. retailer next summer win a $10,000 cash prize give @girlsinc alumni the chance to create alongside you and the universal music group and brands artists! how to enter: step 1: create a full-face look inspired by your favorite music genre, whether it’s the upbeat electric pulse of pop or the smooth sounds of rb. whatever your beat- anything goes! step 2: post your look to your instagram feed step 3: tag and follow @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag contest ends today at 12pm pst 3pm est! les beiges. new healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. an imperceptible texture for a natural and luminous result. hydrates and protects. longwear. @iamkerolyn, @xie.chaoyu and @ayobamiokekunle are wearing the b50, bd11 and br172 shades. available in 35 shades. get primed for a look with our primer serum as your base get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @glamxbrit is green lit w the now back in stock on morphe.com morphe stores donation of 100 of net proceeds, a minimum of $50k, will be made to glsen.org from sales of this collection purchased only on morphe.com or morphe stores. donation basis and amounts will vary when purchased from other retailers. actual footage of our shopping bag after the friends family sale score 30 off our current faves through 921 only at nyxcosmetics.com brush it, twist it, style it it resists! introducing the brush proof leave-in cream! it provides fragile hair types, with a tendency to break and fall wiith up to 230°c heat protection and shields hair from friction, tension and breakage. we don’t usually like to kiss and tell, but this news is too good to keep to ourselves. we’re so excited to share our exclusive lip kloss kit, curated by @karliekloss! launching september 21, the kit features three of karlie’s favorite products: color replenish smoothing and sculpting in rebellious rose tap to set a reminder now! for each kit sold, estée lauder will donate 100 of the selling price to kode with klossy. the ‘lip kloss kit’ will launch exclusively on esteelauder.com on september 21st, 2020, and remain available while supplies last. the lip kloss kit is available in the us only. to match the character palettes, these collectable revolution x friends character lipsticks feature a line up of our best-selling satin kiss lipstick shades in a limited edition friends design, to help transport you to your favourite friends tv show episodes! available in three shades, swipe for swatches!⁣ phoebe- deep pink⁣ monica- soft peachy pink⁣ rachel- soft mauve⁣ character lipsticks £6€6.99$8⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom pinkpanda @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! giveaway closed congrats: @catheryncowings, @nayelii.v, @champagne.withpapi, @jessicaleaxo, @thedivinejen, @ctrancucci, @ceciliamicol, @joseazara, @briana.m.pena, @april4beauty! thank you to everyone who participated! did you know that our exclusive madison beer pr box comes with a special ar effect viewed through ig stories? be one of the 10 lucky winners to win the @madisonbeer collection pr box and experience it for yourself!⁣ what you'll win: channel surfing artistry palette⁣ madison beer lipgloss⁣ madison beer shimmering highlighters madison beer luminous setting spray⁣ channel surfing 6-piece eye brush set⁣ @madisonbeer collection pr box w ar effect⁣ how to enter:⁣ follow @morphebrushes @madisonbeer⁣ like this post⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣ bonus entry: favorite @madisonbeer product?⁣ good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends on 92220 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 92320. looking back at the backstage beauty during the show. create a runway-inspired beauty look using mascara and in blacquer. model: @sknnieminnie photo credit: @taylorjewell say amor with your eyes create gorgeous wearable looks with the beautiful range of @mariale's favorite sexy colors! amor caliente is available now @ultabeauty! the magic 2020 needs rn is @nicaphan's artistry is back in stock on morphe.com only! hispanic creators we love: @cutcreaser vanessa's electric artistry brightens our day inspires us to be bold! lips to kiss! we are so excited to celebrate the new golden twenties with you!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ product used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ that microbladed brow look @tyneatyghtline uses our to draw in perfect hair-like strokes! and the award goes to...liquid glitter eyeshadows! we're so excited to announce that our liquid glitter eyeshadows have received an @allure best of beauty award! we're celebrating with our new liquid glitter vault! the ultimate, must-have vault includes our liquid glitter eyeshadows plus a limited-edition shade for fall, cranberry punch! available now for beauty squad members only. click on the to learn more which hair will resist the most? wondering if the hair rebuilding program makes hair feel 2x stronger? is here to prove it with the flexabrasion test. the machine will pull a hair strand 300 times to see how quickly it will break. no treatment vs. full resist who will be crowned the most resistant? let's find out! the one where @xaviguillaume uses the new friends x revolution palette and monica lip gloss to create this amazing look! could we be any more excited to see this? products used:⁣ friends x revolution flawless limitless eyeshadow palette⁣ conceal and fix mattifying primer⁣ conceal and define concealer in c6⁣ friends x revolution monica lip gloss we’re honored that our breakup proof retractable eyeliner is an @allure best of beauty steals award winner! and in honor of this honor, we are offering 30 off all eye products through the weekend at wetnwildbeauty.com! because we believe in offering the best of beauty for all! use code favorite at wetnwildbeauty.com we’re honored that our breakup proof retractable eyeliner is an @allure best of beauty steals award winner! and in honor of this honor, we are offering 30 off all eye products through the weekend at wetnwildbeauty.com! because we believe in offering the best of beauty for all! use code favorite at wetnwildbeauty.com @thefashionfreakk is red red red hot in our new shadows these bbs are fully vegan and devilishly daring “what makes you a barebeauty?” get to know the community. meet @cristinamichelle favorite bare product: skinlongevity long life herb night treatment best beauty advice: never leave the house without concealer or mascara! follow @cristinamichelle for more content hispanic creators we love: @mrchrissapphire bright, bold, and beautiful. chris has taught us to live fiercely to always treat people with kindness meet our newest additions to the 9-pan family: 9c color me cool artistry palette 9k khaki calling artistry palette⁣ 9l lavendaze artistry palette⁣ 9h hot for hue artistry palette⁣ now available on morphe.com morphe stores! a warm amber floral, @aerin’s new premier ambrette de noir, features rich notes of ambrette and tonka absolute, blended beautifully with handpicked rose petals and orange flower. the result? a rare and precious musk-like floral fragrance like nothing you’ve experienced before. tap to shop. i love pressed highlighter in moonstone because the ultra-buttery formula applies seamlessly and gives me a natural, luminous glow, every time. it's so easy to build it up for a night out when i want my highlight to really pop. @emilymkemp wears pressed highlighter in moonstone, a pale, incandescant golden. we could swatch our ultimate utopia palette alllll day cop this baby for 30 off through 921 only at nyxcosmetics.com replenish your lips with our luxurious, pillowy soft, and ultra-hydrating hangover pillow balm top it off with a pop of melted matte color! stock up on these lippie faves @macys! which mini would you want to win from our claw machine @gissterrazamua putty primers why we love them: putty eye primer: extend your eyeshadow wear or wear on its own for a matte, smudge-proof eye look matte putty primer: smooth over skin for a poreless, matte effect that stays all day tap to shop our award-winning putty primers @menaadubea hispanic creators we love: @thejackieflores jackie always has our jaws on the floor with her snatched makeup looks. her creativeness inspires us to cut that crease slay the day! “i’m obsessed with this. i use this almost every single morning.” @mannymua733. take it from manny: moisturizer has a full-bodied gel-crème texture and creamy tropical scent that melts luxuriously into skin. carve your eyes out anytime, anywhere with our new killer queen 6 piece eye brush set jet-black vegan bristles, metallic red handles plus a glitter blood bag to secure allll the goods “women belong in all places where decisions are being made.” rbg rest in power, ruth bader ginsburg. illustration by @bijoukarman challenge: try to spell out b-r-o-w-s in 5 consecutive comments without getting interrupted! grab a coffee and let's discuss what you loved best out of our friends x revolution range we launched this week! comment below and tell us your favourite product! which shade will you go for next? iced brown chocolate dark blonde an eyecatcher for all spectacular moments! our full waves curling mascara creates an irresistible eye-opener! thanks to the curved brush which makes long lashes. image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @fatos.em⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @leaskye⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the one with... all the eyeshadow! this revolution flawless limitless 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create endless 90s looks for special occassions, natural nude everyday looks and eye poppin' looks to have people saying oh.my.god! shade names have all been crafted around key characters from the friends tv show- can you spot your fave? friends flawless limitless palette £20€21.99$25⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom pinkpanda @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! tell us below perfect brows made easy the ultra-fine featherlight brow enhancer makes mastering the art of brow application simple. create buildable definition that is smudge-proof, water-resistant and longwearing with the easy-to-use precision tip applicator. start building your best tap to shop! repost @wishfulskin this product changed my life!!! this product changed my skin, my life and my confidence! with everything we do at wishful, we want to make skincare easy really effective! this product is by far the most transformative! i have been waiting to share this with you! big reveal happening tonight, stay tuned!!! oh.my.god now this is the ultimate friends transformation and we had to repost @cakefacerj to share this amazing look this is what she said friends x revolution this is tag a friends fan for this makeup collection!⁣ i'm so excited to be working with @makeuprevolution on their new collaboration with @friends this makeup collection is every friends fan dream me lol which palette will you be getting? let me know below! @lipsticknick created the most gorgeous soft-neutral wing on @madisonbeer masked up for the weekend. barepro liquid foundation's transfer-resistant formula stays put perfectly so you won't make a mess of your mask or makeup. @ashleyswagnerxo is giving us all the fall feels! she is stunning in our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette. trailblazer, fighter and champion of good. thank you, justice ginsberg. @oakmagazineau glowing through life @heidismakeup wears liquid glitter eyeshadow in flirty birdy, hydrating camo concealer in light beige, 16hr camo concealer in white and powder blush palette for that full face of glow tap to shop! repost @wishfulskin it's here! this is the product that has completely transformed my skin!! it completely evened my skin tone, it has changed my skin texture and completely faded my acne scars! it has truly changed my skin life! i had sooo many issues with my skin before, even after clearing up my acne, there was so much texture, it was rough, had so many dark spots scars and it really killed my confidence. i was ashamed to be seen without makeup on and super high coverage foundation. yo glow started the change of my skin texture, but this baby transformed my skin tone to look even, it felt so insanely soft and my acne scars started disappearing. to hear all about my favorite skincare product ever, head to our youtube channel link in bio, i'll be talking all about the ingredients, all about oils in general why i'm so obsessed with it. i can't wait to hear what you guys think. it has been such a life-changer for me. love you all stay safe x available now at @sephora live your light with these soft glam neutrals from singersongwriter @madisonbeer pucker up for a pick-me-up with our and lip glosses find them @ultabeauty and wetnwildbeauty.com go off bitch! lash all the way out with the full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette, an absolutely fierce, vegan array of sultry mattes shimmers in killa pops of unexpected color is it sultry in here or is it just us? @paulinaalaiev frames her face with ultra-sculpted brows using foolproof brow powder 3 medium! line your lips with our fan fave slim lip pencil it's on @allure's best of beauty for a reason pro artist @beccalynzmua lines her lips with 'espresso' and tops off this look with our cult fave butter gloss we are taking you on a journey to the new golden twenties! are you excited for unforgettable brilliant looks? get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl eye designer applicator eye designer refill n°21a golden days eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°60 mineral bittersweet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @helenaurica⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the gloss we all need! can you see the shimmering tones? it has written all over it! @aafrrin is spreading her wings like a true artist nostalgic and collectable, these revolution x friends character lipsticks feature a line up of our best-selling satin kiss lipstick shades in a limited edition friends design, to help transport you to your favourite friends tv show episodes! whether you're powering through a first date heading to your favourite central perk style coffee spot or reluctantly celebrating a milestone birthday, these smooth, creamy and comfortable lipsticks offer a high pigment sweep of colour with a gorgeous satin matte finish for any occassion.⁣ available in three best-selling shades:⁣ phoebe- deep pink⁣ monica- soft peachy pink⁣ rachel- soft mauve drop your favorite shade of l-balm lip balm they add the perfect wash of color nourishes lips w ingredients like avocado oil shea butter meet the shades: coral kisses warm coral⁣⁣ feeling rosy vintage rose⁣⁣ pink big pink⁣⁣ berry blush berry nude as if you needed another reason to shop clean beauty 1 of your purchase helps change the lives of women. we will support the power of good fund by bareminerals by donating 1 of sales from our boutiques and bareminerals.com to hopewell fund. donations will be made on sales, less any returns or discounts, starting april 1, 2019 through december 31, 2020 and include a minimum contribution of $1,000,000. hopewell fund is a 501c3 public charity that specializes in helping donors, social entrepreneurs, and other changemakers launch new, innovative social change projects. which one are you?! the ultimate glossy combo pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry lines her lips with our slim lip pencil in 'mauve' then fills ‘em in with our og butter gloss you'll see. you'll all see said phoebe, @makeuperkaofficial has created this look using the friends x revolution phoebe palette max out your lashes with and the ultimate mascara wardrobe. pair our award-winning lash primer with or for longer, fuller, more dramatic lashes. can’t. look. away. @sephora glossing over our to-dos like… you’re staring at lip injection extreme lip plumper from @toofaced @helsinkistarr swipes on our buttter gloss in 'madeline' for a perfect glossy lip get the supers, but miniwith the supers mini trio why we the supers: supertone: a gentle toner that helps remove dead skin cells to reveal a more radiant, brighter complexion. superclarify: a gel cleanser infused with niacinamide to cleanse and strengthen skin. superhydrate: a lightweight, gel moisturizer with squalene to improve hydration and skin elasticity. shop our supers collection at @bootsuk new advanced night repair has you covered, day or night by day, this high performance helps defend skin from environmental assaults like pollution and blue light with 8-hour anti-oxidant protection. while you sleep, helps optimize skin's natural nightly repair process. don't miss a minute tap to shop now! all eyes on the eyes! get dream lashes with our full waves curling mascara in the enter the new golden twenties limited design. snatched, but make ‘em award winning not to brag, but our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil just made @allure’s best of beauty hear it from @nicolconcilio: “this mascara i'm wearing is so good. seriously, so good!” have you tried yet? @itsbybrandon is as light as a feather okay, but who's tried the edgy earthy shades silk slip toppers showstopping glitters and water-activated liners from our yet?? @dupethat @alexmarieartistry slays flawless arches with our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil serious question, who else loves pastels like sm? @harbsy @heyyyitsmimi is a straight knockout in dazzling shadows from the collection drop a if you have the palette! @stephaniec88 up close with our new amor caliente eye shadow palette. create @mariale's signature fun, fabulous looks with these bold, wearable mattes shimmer shades. slay them with just one lil' look the lil' bit psycho 8 color shadow palette is proof that deadly things come in small packages this vegan, compact mix is full of high-impact searing bolds smokey essentials in seductive matte shimmer finishes blushes for any mood in one palette our powder blush palette in dark gives you four blush shades to mix and match to create your perfect blush look tap to shop for $8! we see you, @maidofbeauty this keeps it sharp, but smooth with in shade 5! we stan a lil sparkle @hairaconda slays this euphoric with our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil epic ink liner filler instinct plumping lip color in ‘sugar pie’ get in, gorgeous—we’re going shopping! comment a if you’d love to have this mini haul! stroke of genius! we’ll get to the point, brow microfilling pen has 3 ultra-fine prongs to quickly create a microbladed brow look at home! glamourous moments like in the twenties? discover with us the new golden twenties. which one is your favorite color?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the one with all the eyeshadow! take your look to a seven the friends x revolution flawless limitless palette contains 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create that 90s look as well as the revolution x friends monica, rachel phoebe palettes each feature a different array of 9 shades to help you create your favourite friends makeup look ⁣series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom pinkpanda @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! try this smoldering bronze-burgundy look using the mitzah eyeshadow palette. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black 1 for every character @medeaij shows us the whole range! which one do you want? adorable nails for perfect fall moments! which one brings up the perfect fall look for you? shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°614 fading⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°662 fall foliage⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the perfect everyday eye look to go with your mask? these essentials are all you need. @theemfiles gen nude eyeshadow palette in neutral new strength length serum-infused mascara new strength length serum-infused brow gel bareskin complete coverage serum concealer take your look to a seven with the revolution x friends flawless limitless eyeshadow palette this 27 shade eyeshadow palette is perfect for travel to have all the colours you’ll need� in one handy palette with no need to get off the plane! swipe for swatches series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom pinkpanda @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! reason number 12,301 why we love barepro performance wear liquid foundation: the long-lasting formula is transfer-resistant. aka you can wear it with your mask and it won't leave makeup marks. @sturlese become a skincare glow-getter with new advanced night repair. our revolutionary repair provides fast visible repair, helps skin feel firmer, and minimizes the look of pores. after using for just 3 weeks, 92 of women said their skin was left with a healthy glow. tap to shop and get your glow on! consumer testing on 543 women get lost in the light of luminous primers. backlight priming filter blurs and smooths for instant illumination. first light priming filter instantly refreshes and evens skin tone. we're mad-ly in love with @abyxo's look with our high shine lip color in mad for mauve get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com the one with the natural eye look @makeupbyeveelina uses the new friends x revolution palette to create this look! if you know me, you know i love friends. i’m obsessed with this collab add a sexy step to your weekend glam with our better than sex eyeliner. ultra-rich, deep black pigment in one swipe! available @meccamaxima. practice self-care with our calming and fast-absorbing 100 mg cbd facial oil infused with marula and grapeseed oil click the to shop so glossy, glossy! discover casting crème gloss that will leave your hair so glossy, glossy. singersongwriter @madisonbeer is giving us with her soft glam created by @lipsticknick. 9.27.20 sometimes a decent fall look is all you need! we are so excited to celebrate with you the new golden twenties! get the look: blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara limited edtion⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @natalia.osipova.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @gretaaschmidt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ time to vote!⁣⁣ following the launch of our our friends x revolution collection last week, we want you to tell us which of the character ranges you love the most 1 rachel⁣ 2 monica 3 phoebe⁣ let us know your thoughts comment below with your fave! @captaingabex is a certified badass in brooding blues from the new collection happy sunday my loves!!! hope you’re all safe amazing!! my bday is coming up i’m planning on doing a huge giveaway!! what should we giveaway? comment below photo edit by @hudabeauty.updates ready for work tomorrow with our mini wfh necessities last day to grab 40 off morphe x @jamescharles the eye brush set on morphe.com select morphe stores! your weekly reminder to mask up! @musingmua slays safely using our micro brow pencil on the rise volume liftscara summer may be over, but @agnebrunette is bringin' the heat with this look! she shows off our melted chocolate eye shadow shades chocolate bunny cocoa cream, better than sex eyeliner and diamond light bronzer! brb doing a full-face look like @hayleybui meet again the most iconic kérastase's care ritual. with advanced technology and unique components, the new at home luxurious beauty ritual will treat the 6 factors that show up in the hair and scalp as time progresses. get rid of scalp dryness, sensitivity and slackness for a youthful sensation treat lengths dullness, brittleness and thinning for a smoother luxurious touch. find the best care routine for your hair needs by visiting the nearest kérastase salon from you for a free diagnosis. with chronologiste. @katy looks fire in our bite-size face duo in spiced apple tap to shop for only $3 who needs lash extensions when you have this trio? velvet primer’s conditioning formula coats your lashes to maximize the benefits of our two must-have mascaras: and tap to shop this exclusive bundle. completely hypnotized by pro artist @xoivettea’s sharp graphic liner tutorial she uses our epic ink liner to get the look shining a light on this mesmerizing eye look. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames created this stunning look on @valentinedesseint using: mascara gel eye crayon in earthquake moisturizer o!mega bronze photography by: @pierarnophoto curated by singersongwriter @madisonbeer, this 6-piece set of soft brushes provides everything you need to create gorgeous eye looks collection includes: pointed packer brush⁣ pro precision smudger brush⁣ pencil crease brush⁣ large round blender brush⁣ blending fluff brush⁣ angle liner brush⁣ brush bag⁣ ready for your close-up? radiant skin is yours with these favorites: new intense reset concentrate eye concentrate matrix eye supercharged complex skin activating treatment lotion what do you have on your vanity? feelin’ pretty euphoric about those soft, full brows! @ileanavelazquezg used line 'em up! the possibilities are endless with our new epic wear liner sticks @beautybyjosh when elegance meets style from @lillylashes benefits faux mink lite⁣ 100 vegan⁣ reusable up to 15 wears⁣ 100 cotton band⁣ 13mm length⁣ is now available on morphe.com select stores only!⁣ extreme length and curl, plus epic definition come together in one ultra-luxe, longwear mascara. tap to shop mascara. @adelegangemimua’s has us stunned she wears our ultimate utopia shadow palette epic wear liquid liner in sapphire to get the look these pumpkin spice shades got us like tag someone in the blank below: you spicy, stock up @sephora. this is a psa to hydrate your skin holy hydration face cream in fragrance free is packed with ingredients like squalane, hyaluronic acid, niacinamide and peptide complex to nourish and protect skin and is great for dry, normal and combination skin types tap to shop your new holy grail face cream for $12 @lamainoo serves this colorful, graphic liner moment using our epic wear liner sticks in intense teal chill blue pink spirit is your lip balm doing this much for you? hydra-light plumping lip balm is formulated with mango butter and jojoba seed to oil nourish dry lips, hyaluronic acid to instantly moisturize, and a plumping peptide complex to plump the appearance of lips. so bloody beautiful, glitter runs through your veins come thru drippin' in our new glitter blood red glitter gel, the ultimate in sparkly, smoldering makeup this vegan potion can be used to add an ultra-reflective touch to face, lips and cheeks alone or on top of your deadly glam comment as many heart emojis as products you’ve tried! watch out she's dangerous @deysidanger is cold-blooded in this deep red eye look from the new collection... don't say we didn't warn ya which 9-pan is your fave? 9c color me cool artistry palette 9k khaki calling artistry palette 9l lavendaze artistry palette 9h hot for hue artistry palette a perfect blush for the best decade welcome to the new golden twenties! light up your night and create your own signature look with our blush couture limited edition. image credits: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ enter the new golden twenties in style with @tscherajna we’re saying oh. my. god at @shanicemavo look! “let me just say how obsessed i am with this collection i have officially been converted to a gloss girl” products used:⁣ revolution x friends rachel phoebe palettes £8€9.99$12⁣ revolution x friends rachel monica lipsticks £6€6.99$8⁣ revolution x friends joey lip-gloss £6€6.99$8⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom pinkpanda @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! an expressive fall look is all what you need for a confident glam look! get the look: perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream eye designer applicator limited edition eye designer refill n°94 frosty mauve eye designer refill n°21a golden days eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade choclate eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf blush couture limited edtion full waves curling mascara limited edtion image credits: photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup mua: @ninagmakeup model: @alexandrafonsatti i know, i know the revolution x friends monica palette features an array of 9 copper and warm neutral shades to help you create monica's 90's inspired makeup look plus, for those days you may be proposing to your best friend friends enthusiasts, you'll know what we mean! add a sultry pop of burgundy or some shimmer to take your look to a seven our new limited enter the new golden twenties collection creates an eye-opener for glamourous nights! products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mitzah is a tribute to mitzah bricard, christian dior's muse whose famous leopard print looks became iconic fashion statements. 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah friends⁣ @makeupbynatalia wows using the friends x limitless palette⁣ make sure you tag us in your makeup looks so we can see them! which haze obsessions will you add to your palette collection? purple haze, khaki haze or sand haze?! stunning pic by @makeup.just.for.fun eye glam goals! gorgeous @slayedby.vee wearing what’s your go-to eyeshadow palette? now dropping for a lip look that’s popping @karliekloss’s lip kloss kit is here! curated by karlie herself, the lip kloss kit features three of her favorite products to show your lips some love tap to shop the kit now! us only includes: color replenish lip balm smoothing lip scrub sculpting lipstick in rebellious rose 420 for each kit sold, estée lauder will donate 100 of the selling price to kode with klossy @kodewithklossy. the ‘lip kloss kit’ will launch exclusively on esteelauder.com on september 21st, 2020 and remain available while supplies last. “my eyes, my eyes” they’re almost too beautiful to handle! the friends x revolution lip glosses are designed to channel your favourite character vibes with a unique illustration design. each lip gloss provides an intense colour pay-off, with a wet look finish- the perfect collection to take you from day to night lip glosses £6€6.99$8⁣ series 1 is available at revolutionbeauty.com, superdrug.com @superdrug @ultabeauty @beautybaycom @makeupmusthaves.nl @boozyshop @maquillalia @cocolitapl @ezebrapl @mintishop @empikcom pinkpanda @asos. coming to more revolution partners around the world soon! ambassador naomi osaka is the definition of strong and beautiful. who's with us? oh, so it’s dolphin skin now? whatever the trend, we’ve got you. zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip gives skin the most on-trend, glass-like glow. which bite-size color story is your favorite? bite-size eyeshadow in açai you bite-size eyeshadow in berry bad bite-size eyeshadow in hot jalapeño tap to shop for $3! @satcherbeauty i knowwwww monica we love that @blushwithrittika has recreated the monica look using the friends x revolution monica eyeshadow palette, friends x revolution monica lipstick lipgloss and for her base using our conceal define in c10.2 bring out your bold with an eye shadow palette created to celebrate color like never before. our new @mariale amor caliente palette is packed with fluorescent mattes, modern nudes, and bold shimmers! stock up @ultabeauty. @piperartistry is the tiger queen inspired by @feefal ever wanted lashes that float in the air? defy gravity with the one and only... air volume mega mascara for voluminous lashes with a feather-light feel! pretty in pink and perfect for your pout featuring and our exclusive lip kloss kit has everything you need for soft, smooth all in a chic pink cosmetic bag. created by @karliekloss, this lip kloss kit is just a kiss away tap to shop now! us only for each kit sold, estée lauder will donate 100 of the selling price to kode with klossy @kodewithklossy. the ‘lip kloss kit’ will launch exclusively on esteelauder.com on september 21st, 2020 and remain available while supplies last. she packs a mean punch take a stroll on the wild side with high-impact shades that are straight up savage @aseamaebeauty glam on the go @luisalejandrobeauty wears in shade 3 with for all-day budge-proof brows! benefit fresh the porefect self-care pair! join us at 11am pst2pm est tomorrow, 922, for a skin prep prime instagram live with @freshbeauty skincare expert, kai @benefitcosmetics chief beauty ambassador, annie! you won’t want to miss out on the exclusive surprise we have just for you! 9.27.20 fall nights create moments to inspire! welcome to our new golden twenties collection! get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box quattro limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°845 caramel cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limitied edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @fatos.em⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: aische⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ meet @suchgoodeverything a new line of yummy vegan gummies that make it simple to get the good stuff. get a 30-day supply for under $20 on morphe.com select morphe stores only! featuring: @noelleplay is a true rising star shop on morphe.com select morphe stores lip gloss, just because. lip kloss, for a cause we’re proud to partner with @karliekloss on our new lip kloss kit us only. each three-piece kit not only transforms your lips but also makes a difference—100 of the purchase price goes to @kodewithklossy, which teaches young women to code, empowering them to become leaders in tech. for each kit sold, estée lauder will donate 100 of the selling price to kode with klossy. the ‘lip kloss kit’ will launch exclusively on esteelauder.com on september 21st, 2020 and remain available while supplies last. leave a below if you love our mascara! the one with... all the eyeshadow! this revolution flawless limitless 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create endless looks for special occassions, natural nude everyday looks and eye poppin' looks to have people saying oh.my.god! this palette contains everything from matte pops of blue, orange and pinks, plus shimmery olives, nudes and golds, all encased in a movie clapper board style for show stopping looks! plus, with the inclusion of 3 worthy highlighters for an out of this world glow, this palette is perfect for travelling with too! friends flawless limitless palette £20€21.99$25 alert 43 days until the election until your voices are heard! we’ve partnered with @whenweallvote this election szn for a giveaway! we’re giving away our can't stop won't stop collection exclusive @monicaahanonu hoodie to lucky beauties and their friends here’s how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics @whenweallvote like this post tag a friend tell them to vote! not registered? click the link in our bio us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 11:45 am pdt on september 21, 2020 and ends at 11:45 am pdt on september 23, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. for complete rules, visit https:bit.ly3hpmxxq the highlight of your day. stay glowing all day with our champagne-gold glowver highlighter. available exclusively on toofaced.com. the one with........medeaij singing the friends intro song @medeaij has tested the friends x makeup revolution collection and created this look! head over to her profile and click the link in her bio to see the full youtube video! all about the brows! today only, score 10x ultamate rewards points on select products, online only at @ultabeauty! dare to defy time with the new for the first time, kérastase identifies the 6 factors that appear on the hair and scalp as time progresses. the good news is, each dimension is universally diagnosable and treatable. let's talk about hair anti-ageing solutions with hovig etoyan, @hovigetoyanparis, kérastase top parisian hairdresser. today is a beautiful day to register to vote click the link in our bio. it’s that easy. @whenweallvote supple, yet non-sticky lips 5 mg cbd lip oil is perfect for using alone or on top of a lipstick for added shine and hydration. click on the to shop! our and @karliekloss does too—that’s why we teamed up to launch an exclusive lip kloss kit containing all of karlie’s lip care favorites: pure color envy color replenish smoothing and sculpting in rebellious rose all housed in a chic pink cosmetic bag. tap to shop this limited edition kit now! us only for each kit sold, estée lauder will donate 100 of the selling price to kode with klossy @kodewithklossy. the ‘lip kloss kit’ will launch exclusively on esteelauder. com on september 21st, 2020 and remain available while supplies last. pastels or bold colors @chloemorello shows off her long, defined lashes using mascara. “i love marc jacobs beauty mascaras...there is so much length with this mascara. velvet noir is one of my favorites so this one is going to have to be added to my favorites as well.” be the cat's meow or create serious buzz with our and collection! shop @ultabeauty and wetnwildbeauty.com brightening up your timeline w some rainbow magic by @meyloetta shop @suvabeauty @plouisemakeupacademy on morphe.com stores! @evyxo slays this dreamy, euphoria inspired glam using our matte liquid liner who else is re-watching after last night's 5 ultra-smooth, prismatic shades for the face and eyes give you endless multidimensional looks. discover the new becca x @barbieferreira prismatica face palette. that golden hour glow @princess.kaae is gorgeous in our born this way super coverage concealer shade mahogany. what's your current fave palette? let us know⁣ @itsmandymoo all the fall vibes @yurigmakeup uses our hydrating camo concealer in medium peach for a perfected and hydrated base tap to shop for $6! only wearing from now on, sorry @pinkishpiendel completes this gorgeous, glittery with our control freak eyebrow gel hd concealer wand crushing on @itssangtime she uses our primer matte bronzer! season 1 of euphoria got us like... murderous but make it fashion our killer queen eye brush set is full of gotta-have-it tools for cutting, lining and defining shadows anytime, anywhere @krystalclearmakeup created with our and line! shop @ultabeauty and wetnwildbeauty.com our lovely @inspirationdelavie draws attention to our new collection enter the new golden twenties. we love it!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ look and feel flawless with the forever flawless affinity palette with an array of 18 blush, warm transition hues and shimmery rich pinks it’s the perfect palette to create a rich smoky eye cruelty free⁣ vegan mesmerize with this warm, bold makeup look with the mitzah eyeshadow palette. 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black glamorous nights are waiting for you! let's enter the new golden twenties and sparkle as you always wished for. used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°558 matt nude delight⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer applicator⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer refill n°21a golden days⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ full waves curling mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ create that rich smokey eye with our forever flawless affinity palette. @prunela.c has named this look espresso sunrise products used:⁣ prime and lock eye primer⁣ forever flawless dynamic affinity eyeshadow palette⁣ @xxrevolution fine micro brow pencil⁣ stretch it out mascara⁣ hydrate primer⁣ conceal and hydrate foundation⁣ conceal and hydrate concealer omg how amazing is this purple haze obsessions look?? love it love youuuu @monakattan swipe through for @latricelondon @ashleykaylamakeup @beautybymathu gorg glam using khaki haze available at @sephora please check your local store for availability my loves seasons change, but caring for your skin is always in style. packed with hydration, skin activating treatment lotion, and our new are that you'll want to keep on your vanity all year round. tap to shop this duo! congrats to our very own director of global artistry @lipsticknick for winning an emmy for outstanding contemporary makeup on @rupaulsdragrace!! well deserved, @rupaulofficial @worldofwonder @televisionacad these five reviews speak for themselves! our high-performance revitalizing supreme creme is your key to younger-looking skin. what do you love most about revitalizing supreme creme? how about you? new! refresh your lip collection for fall with our new ride or die lip balm shades in p.s.l. pumpkin spice latte cheeky cherry and grapefruit goals available now on elfcosmetics.com for beauty squad members only. signing up is easy! click on the to get exclusive access get a peek of what's coming who else loves extraction videos?! @looksbyarie fall giveaway!! winners have been contacted via dm we’re celebrating the first day of fall by sending two lucky babes our new pumpkin spice eye shadow palette to capture all the fall feels! how to enter:⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣ follow @toofaced⁣⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣⁣ good luck! our banana powder a firm favourite for prolonging the wear of makeup, banishing shine, brightening and balancing skin tone! since launch we have sold millions of units around the world have you got this in your collection?⁣ also available in translucent and more shades get tips from @haileybieber's makeup artist on creating full, fluffy, sculpted brows that still look natural. today is text voter to 26797 to make sure you’re registered to vote and to receive important election information if you’re already registered, you can text voter to 26797 to find out if you’re eligible to vote early or to vote-by-mail and request your mail-in ballot! @iamavoter 9.27. 20 find your personal signature look with our new golden twenties collection like the blush couture limited edition. an impressive look prepares you for unforgettable moments. used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @fatos.em⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: lea @leaskye⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ artdecocosmetics attention gather up ladies, it's time to make a mega impact with mega volume. who's excited to try our air volume mega mascara? describe this video using only emojis!!! rose oil launching soon on @hudabeautyshop say to our 8 new shades $4 that glide on and slay on now available on morphe.com select stores. @ayshabegum slays a full face using some of our current faves! here's the tea: honey dew me up can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'carmel' born to glow radiant concealer in 'beige' 3 steps to sculpt face sculpting palette sweet cheeks creamy powder blush glow in 'citrine rose' matte setting spray ultimate edit petite eye shadow palette in 'warm neutral' butter gloss in 'madeline' yass! we’re thrilled to join @rockthevote in encouraging everyone to get registered on p.s. if you’ve recently moved, changed your name, became a citizen or haven’t voted in a while, it’s time to register or re-register we need you to slay vote this november 3rd! head to rockthevote.org for more deets our best selling conceal and define concealer foundation is available in 50 shades! lightweight⁣ full coverage⁣ cruelty free⁣ vegan @rogermuru found the right channel strength protective 24-hour wear non-stop skin-improving coverage @sephora introducing the 1st youth revitalizing serum for scalp and hair, sérum universel. after extensive formula testing from the most advanced skincare technologies, the sérum universel was born. combining hyaluronic acid, abyssine and vitamin e, the serum regenerates and revitalizes scalp and hair for renewed youthful vitality. live beyond time with sérum universel by gently applying 2-3 pumps to your wet, damp or dry scalp and hair. this luxurious gesture can also be your new night time gesture before going to bed. find your at-home luxurious ritual at www.kerastase.com for next-level lashes, apply our award-winning before layering on your favorite mascara. lengthen lashes with or add major volume with tap to shop this trio. hypnotized by @sophmartine's foundation routine! she slays a flawless finish using our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'golden' paired with our og makeup setting spray matte happy national voter registration day!⁣⁣⠀ slay and vote with our new exclusive lip set created in collaboration with @rockthevote each bh x rock the vote lip set includes:⁣⁣⠀ cashmere cream comfort lipstick in shade slay⁣⁣⠀ waterproof lip liner in shade glory⁣⁣⠀ co-branded bandana to wrap it all up⁣⁣⠀ pro tip: each bandana can double as a mask between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org your vote is your voice! make it a priority today to check your registration at vote.org so you can vote in november. oh, and remind a friend, too. don't mind us, we'll just be staring at this gorgeous eye look all day @nataliyamakeup used our putty eye primer in rose, the new classics palette and liquid glitter eyeshadow in purple reign to create this mesmerizing purple look tap to shop! for the culture w @oohweeeg @frannyarrieta visit whenweallvote.orgnyxcosmetics or click the link in our bio to register. it’s that easy lights, camera, plumping! plump up the volume to look more lifted feel firmer with this one-stop miracle worker. tap to shop! we already knew our new serum was out of this world —and now we’re proving it! as a beauty industry leader in science, innovation and high-performance prestige products, we're proud to be the first-ever beauty brand to participate in nasa’s effort to promote the space economy, and our will be going along for the ride to @iss. tap the link in our bio to learn more! get ready with @nabela! her simple makeup look is achieved using: cakeless concealer volumizing brow gel your voice is your power rock our exclusive bh x @rockthevote lippies while you exercise your rights and that perfect lip between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org link in bio. we gotchu @whenweallvote row 3 is eye-catching what's your fave row? @h.a.beauty1 me: going to do a natural makeup look today⁣ also me: don’t be shy, put on some more.⁣ tag that friend who can relate.⁣ @ashleyisaacmua is it inspo by @olgadann @tynanbuck gets a vampy look for the first day of fall with rich colour and a pearlized glow. he used: backlight priming filter ignite liquified light highlighter in acceptance luminous blush in camellia light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in laser ultimate lipstick love in hibiscus the channel surfing aristry palette says hello to the fall season @trendmood1 in need of a luxurious moisturizer? our 50mg cbd moisturizer is here to awaken your senses. infused with 50 mg full spectrum cbd lightweight gel-cream texture packed with skin-loving ingredients hyaluronic acid and sweet almond oil notes of chamomile and japanese citrus click on the to shop now bandana bb! slay, vote and make your voice heard with our just dropped co-branded bh x @rockthevote bandana snag this limited edition set show us how you share your voice and your accessory between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org take it from @sananas2106: mascara gives you extreme length and curl that lasts all day. baby, it’s glam inside! bring home some haul-iday magic with our new holiday value sets, packed with prettiness perfect to give or get! tap the ig shopping tag on each set for all the deal details! can you believe @jrobertbailey made these brows with only one product?! textured vibes courtesy of in deep brown our new perfect color lipstick includes a creamy, delicate texture as well as selected care substances we couldn't ask for anything more! perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @fatos.em⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: aische⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ how incredible is this skin transformation? repost @wishfulskin “i’m afro-caribbean and in 2007 i was diagnosed with pcos and suffered hormonal imbalances. i noticed i started to develop a bad case of adult acne. i tried so many different 3 step programs that were advertised on tv and they just never worked. my skin is way too sensitive and i always end up getting rid of the products after a few uses. i’ve went to dermatologists for skin peels and very expensive creams for my high pigmentations. nothing worked! at this point i just gave up and depended on high coverage foundation and concealer. before the pandemic lockdown i was given samples of the rose oil to trial only for amount used after a few weeks. i had no intention of using the product so often as i mentioned i was so over skincare routines. it wasn’t until then i noticed a dramatic change in my skin. people were commenting on how soft and even my skin looked. the dark acne spots on my cheeks literally disappeared after 1-2 months of daily usage i was beyond shocked. i never thought i could go out without wearing makeup and being so comfortable in my skin. writing this testimony has literally brought tears to my eyes. thank you wishful!” our stunning niki age: 34 skin type: oily makeup that does more @revolutionpro are taking over the revolution instagram today to show you all their new launches! introducing our new revolution pro crystal range swipe ultimate crystal eye quad 2 new additions to our ultimate eye look palettes, these quads are the perfect harmony of colours to create flawless eye looks available in 2 shades £10€12.99$15⁣ crystal gloss a shimmering trio ready to take you from day to night, these glosses have been formulated to leave the lips feeling nourished and plump available in 3 shades £6€7.99$8⁣ crystal luxe face palette featuring a mesmerising glitter encrusted case, each palette offers a blusher with complimenting highlighter and bronzer available in 3 shades £15€17.99$20 let's bring up your cutest smile! thanks to our signature products of the new golden twenties! products used: full waves curling mascara limited edtion perfect color lipstick n°835 gorgeous girl mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf image credits: photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography muah: @fatos.em model: @leaskye introducing our new @revolutionpro crystal luxe face palettes featuring a mesmerising glitter encrusted case, each palette offers a blusher with complimenting highlighter and bronzer for a captivating complexion there are 3 shades to choose from:⁣ peach royale⁣ rose fresco⁣ berry flush⁣ available now for £15€17.99$20 the @revolutionpro crystal gloss collection offers a trio of lip glosses with added shimmer running throughout perfect to wear day or night, each have been formulated to leave the lips feeling nourished, whilst the added shimmer adds the perfect bit of sparkle to leave lips looking plump.⁣ available in three shades:⁣ absolutely: clear gloss, pumped full of silver shimmer⁣ dreamer: dusky pink nude, pumped full of gold glitter⁣ outrage: peachy nude, pumped with matching peachy glitter⁣ swipe to see swatches⁣ available now for £6€7.99$8 each spot a fav? comment them below thank you for these stunning pics my love @beautyblogshan fall into with a blend of sensual florals, distinctive amber and creamy musk, the warm and inviting scent of @aerin's amber musk makes the start of fall worth celebrating. use the rouge trafalgar eyeshadow palette to create a deep, edgy eye look. 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black life isn't all crystals and champagne, but it should be the @revolutionpro crystal topped eyeshadow quads are super pigmented, shimmery and hand-bag friendly ideal for getting glam on the go!⁣ available in 2 shades! also new from @revolutionpro is the radiant under eye concealer the best liquid concealer to brighten, colour correct and illuminate fatigued eyes whilst helping to diminish the appearance of fine lines enriched with vitamin c to brighten, niacinamide to even out skin tone hyaluronic acid to hydrate this creamy radiant concealer is the perfect all round concealer, but particularly beneficial to conceal dark circles brighten under eyes available now £8€9.99$12 our ultimate lipstick love formula is available in 10 new shades just in time for fall. get pure colour and instant moisture in one swipe. our babe @mariale is comin' in hot with this spicy glam using the new amor caliente eye shadow palette. inflate and puff up your lashes to dramatic levels with air volume mega mascara! you can build volume upon each application, which means you're in total control. let's goooo.... let us whisk you away to the south of france, home to the then bring the south of france home. in every jar of ultimate diamond creme, you will find the precious extract of this ultra-rare truffle. our holiday collection is about to drop! introducing the give good, do good collection these beautiful, planet-friendly gifts offer something for everyone on your list. plus, we partnered with brooklyn artist @boombachs to design ready-to-gift packaging no wrapping required. @sophiehannah got an a using the last day to grab the whole collection for 40 off on morphe.com select morphe stores. who else never leaves the house without lipstick, even with a mask on? we love sheer slick lipsticks for their sheer wash of color, shiny finish and nourishing ingredients tap to shop for $5 pair our bestselling mascara with for longer, fuller, more dramatic lashes. tap to shop this velvet duo. feelin' cheeky with our new sweet cheeks soft cheek tint collection just dab blend for an effortless blushy moment available online at nyxcosmetics.com a radiant base @shahnazislam uses the new @revolutionpro ultimate radiant under eye concealer in shade c10 enriched with vitamin c to brighten, niacinamide to even out skin tone hyaluronic acid to hydrate this creamy radiant concealer is the perfect all round concealer, but particularly beneficial to conceal dark circles brighten under eyes get yours now for £8€9.99$12 @emilyreecemua is slayinggg with this side eye action have you bagged these sultry shadow palettes yet?! this elegant makeup look screams for pure and natural glamour. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition art couture nail lacquer n°662 fall foliage⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @fatos.em⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @leaskye⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ who’s tried these eyebrow tattoos? video by @linz0r repost @make.up.holics we are giving away a $20 @walmart gift card every day this month to celebrate our new expanded assortment in-stores! enter for a chance to win in our instagram stories and check out our store locator at wetnwildbeauty.com to see if your local walmart now features more wet n wild! must be 18 years-old and live in the united states to enter. glow, sculpt, and highlight in a flash with our hello halo shown here in flash me. you know you wanna get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com last chance to grab the entire main event collection for 40 off on morphe.com select morphe stores. vivian shows us her everyday makeup for a natural glam here are the products: micro brow pencil can’t stop won’t stop concealer sweet cheeks soft cheek tint epic ink liner on the rise liftscara butter gloss matte setting spray the @revolutionpro radiant under eye concealer⁣ brighten⁣ colour correct⁣ illuminate⁣ available now £8€9.99$12 take your highlight to the next level with our turn up the light highlighting palettes. this baked trio diffuses refracts light for a perfectly-lit complexion. tap to shop @sephora as if we needed more proof that @haileybieber is a natural beauty. hailey's been loving our new skinlongevity long life herb serum for strong and hydrated skin. anime queen @imanimmakeup is giving us that energy⁣ hump day pink-me-up! @bethelight81 has got it haul goin’ on! which one is your bene-fave? all about that base @ericafmstyle wears our new ultimate radiant under eye concealer in shade c13 and c17.5 to contour and highlight her face enriched with vitamin c to brighten, niacinamide to even out skin tone hyaluronic acid to hydrate this creamy radiant concealer is the perfect all round concealer, but particularly beneficial to conceal dark circles brighten under eyes get yours now for £8€9.99$12 the new youth revitalizing care ritual enhances your approach to beauty. with the most complete kérastase range, it will act on your scalp and lengths to defy time in 6 steps. 1. start purifying your scalp with pré-cleanse régénérant, infused with charcoal, to detoxify and remove pollution particles. 2. bathe your hair with bain régénérant to gently cleanse scalp fiber and reveal stronger, shinier, more hydrated hair. repeat this step if needed. 3. apply masque régénérant to nourish your lengths and achieve long lasting frizz control. this luxurious masque only needs 5 minutes to instantly transform your fiber 4. activate your scalp with sérum universel. this serum-in-pearls encapsulates the chronologiste anti-ageing technology to revitalize hair and scalp 5. before blow-dry, protect your lengths from the heat with thermique régénérant to seal cuticles and for 24h frizz control 6. finish with huile de parfum to reduce breakage and split ends while indulging a sensorial experience. @claratlan turn back time with the new chronologiste by discovering your at-home routine at www.kerastase.com our new sweet cheeks soft cheek tint are oh-so satisfying ft. here are the shades showgirl, baby doll, and nude’tude we stan some sparkle our face body gel is the perfect shiny touch to literally every look a sumptuous infusion of handpicked rose petals paired with notes of freesia, blended with ambrette and tonka absolute… new @aerin ambrette de noir envelops you in a rich, sensorial experience. tap to shop. 9.27.20 drop a if you got singersongwriter @madisonbeer's entire collection! file this under watch @alicedetogni create epic lashes by layering bestselling mascara over award-winning mesmerizing shades our liquid glitter eyeshadows are packed with one-swipe pigment to enhance and provide a bold eye look. shop the shades for $5 on elfcosmetics.com @moodsandviews @ohheyroxanne brought to life on @darbieworld shop @danessamyricks beauty on morphe.com select stores! makeup inspo by @donni.davy @blissbrie sets fall on fire with one of our 10 bright new shades of ultimate lipstick love in tangy, a warm true red. @chelseasmakeup’s brows have a special place in our heart she builds her using in shade 6! closed we're giving away our new ultimate utopia shadow palette to lucky beauties! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:30 pm pdt on september 23, 2020 and ends at 3:30 pm pdt on september 24, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. treat your skin now to a hydrating luminous experience. our 2 new sprays from the collection are infused w coconut water apple extract⁣⁣ the mists instantly seal in moisture, to leave you hydrated all day with a glowing finish and light tropical scent.⁣⁣ meet them: seal the deal rose gold finish⁣⁣ lock down glowing gold finish pumpkin spice-obsessed? so are we! capture all those rich, creamy, pumpkin spice vibes with our limited-edition pumpkin spice melted matte lipstick. pigment has entered the chat shop our new ultimate utopia shadow palette online at nyxcosmetics.com drop a in the comments if you love bold lips srsly satin lipstick in cherry has major color and a creamy, satin finish. tap to shop for $3! spam the comments below with if you adore our oooh, he's fierce @jmdelore is doin' the damn thing in a full slay of our new collection keep watching on igtv to peep @nazaninkavari's very own tips tricks on how to use every brush in her set available now online @ultabeauty for a veryyy limited time! @karlavmmakeup slayed this straight brow she completes this eye look using: conditioning primer mascara look, brows are the new lashes! give your favorite makeup look the perfect frame with naturally emphasized eyebrows! shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ultra fine brow liner n°12 deep brunette⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ brow filler n°6 soft brunette⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ going out? staying in? the revolution soap styler is your brow bff! no more searching your bathroom cupboards to create the famous brow soap trick with a portable brow brush and mirror, this compact kit is even perfect for on-the-go brow taming we're bringing you... a new brush, new formula and new technology wrapped up in pink metallic packaging to help you bring your lashes to new heights, just like a hot air balloon! how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get a smoky eye in red? 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black wear it your colourway! the revolution forever flawless dynamic palettes come in 8 different colour stories; featuring intense colour poppin' shades, from purples, greens, reds or blues or opt for cooler tones with the smokey, gold, pink and neutral edits. each filled with 8 pans of glitters, foils, mattes and shimmer top tip! prep lids beforehand with revolution ultimate eye base, for longer staying power.⁣ cruelty-free and vegan. so gorg! who else loves this glam and soft smokey eye by @makeuppbyalyy?! repost @makeuppbyalyy used the newest “khaki” haze obsession palette from @hudabeauty let me tell you, these palettes are bomb! the formula is amazing the packaging is so good. all three new palettes now available to shop @hudabeautyshop products used: eyes: khaki palette mascara: mascara lashes: olivia lashes concealer: overachiever concealer “20g” foundation: faux filter foundation “400g” contour: tantour in “fair” powder: easy bake loose setting powder “banana bread” lips: power bullet in “board meeting” topped off with “sugar mama” liquid matte highlighter: n.y.m.p.h powder highlighter “flora” moisturiser: @wishfulskin honey balm “it’s finally here!! our beautiful @kayali déjà vu white flowerhair mist we have been working on this for years! the formula is super lightweight, alcohol-free and packed with amazing nourishing ingredients such as panthenol, camellia oil, aloe vera and castor oil for the ultimate healthy-looking hair! @monakattan availavle on hudabeauty.com the sérum universel is the purest, most powerful manifestation of the youth revitalizing range. inspired by caviar as a precious life source, the sérum universel uses biomimetic caviar technology to protect and maintain powerful actives at their purest potency. the black pearls encapsulate pure actives preserving their potency until the application moment. through a unique sophisticated delivery system, the membrane of each perl is broken open to release the actives in a silky, white serum. with only a few pumps, experience the luxurious benefits of serum universel 1. 32 greater scalp elasticity 2. 24h scalp hydration 3. 7.2 increased fiber diameter for a fuller appearance 4. 81 increased fiber hydration after 48h 5. 4x more shine 6. 96h anti-frizz action find your at-home luxurious ritual at www.kerastase.com supermodel lips have entered the chat. what’s better than snagging @karliekloss’s three favorite products? seeing her techniques in action! join karlie on esteelauder.com today at 5pm est to learn more about our exclusive lip kloss kit us only and how it benefits young women in tech. head to the link in our bio to join the live show! for each kit sold, estée lauder will donate 100 of the selling price to kode with klossy @kodewithklossy. the ‘lip kloss kit’ will launch exclusively on esteelauder. com on september 21st, 2020 and remain available while supplies last. glamorous, sexy and elegant! find your very own signature look with our enter the new golden twenties. products used: eyeshadow n°525 handmade chocolate mineral eye styler n°97 mineral dirty plum full waves curling mascara limited edition mineral lip styler n°13 mineral autumn leaf perfect color lipstick n°845 creamy caramel art couture nail lacquer n°698 roasted chestnut image credits: photographer: @alisa.valiente.photography muah: @fatos.em model: aische omg this was so much fun!! thank you so much to these two incredible women @jilldonbeauty @carlenehiggins for having me on @breakingbeautypodcast we went through soo many different topics like my journey, sacrifices, our workplace and the product i developed for myself, @wishfulskin's 'magic oil' aka get even rose oil! the episode is now live my loves so head to their channel ep 136 to listen let me know your thoughts meet sarah bachman @boombachs, the designer behind the whimsical illustrations on our holiday gifts which are available now. this year's gifts are designed to look like they're already covered in wrapping paper so you can skip the plastic ribbon and bows. tap the to shop now! always here for a pop of color. sweep on the fluorescent matte pink, orange, red shades plus the modern mattes and shimmers with our new @mariale amor caliente eye shadow palette. a ride or die friend would always let you know when there are new shades of ride or die lip balm available tag your ride or die friend below to show off the new shades in p.s.l. pumpkin spice latte, grapefruit goals, and cheeky cherry! tap to shop for $5 omg @jerrodblandino today at 9:30am pst i will be live on yahoo’s “on the move”! catch me on any streaming device to hear all about my wild journey creating into the top global beauty brand it is today! smoke it out @asartistrymakeupstudio looks smokin' using our forever flawless dynamic palette in ebony and our brow pomade in shade granite! hear hear, @tiffanynicholsdesign what a way to find a silver lining with our eyeliner! since wearing a mask is the new normal, if l don’t do anything else to my face, l have to make sure my eye makeup is done! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com mesmerized by this mermaid by @julibake she wears our epic wear liner in 'pure white' vivid brights liner in 'vivid petal' to get the look we see you @lanceaguas only 37 days left till who are you going to create? inspired by @georgegaraway win, win, win! we want to say thank you to our strong and beautiful community win 1 out of 3 enter the new golden twenties collections including the box to bring the twenties feeling to your home conditions of participation: 1. like this post 2. follow @artdecocosmetics 3. tag a friend in the comments good luck! this raffle runs till september 27, 2020, 9 pm and is not connected with instagram. only followers from germany and austria can participate. the 3 winners will be informed via direct message on september 28, 2020. these avocado toast swatches are supa pigmented wayyy less basic than your psl @paletteaddict stop right there and take a look at @katherinelangford serving looks! amplify your gaze with one of our most promising mascara's...the air volume mega mascara for weightless volume that speaks for itself! meet our new these retractable, glossy lip crayons glide on smooth for oh-so-comfortable wear and major pout perfection all 8 shades are now available on morphe.com select stores. meet our global ambassador, @tiarramonet. namepronouns? tiarra monet, sheher where you do live? atlanta, ga what do you do? i'm a serial entrepreneur and full-time beauty and lifestyle influencer. what’s the first becca product you fell in love with? i’ll never forget getting my hands on shimmering skin perfector pressed champagne pop! i think that was my very first highlighter ever! i’ve been glowing ever since! what’s the one becca product you can’t live without? i can’t live without my first light priming filter, it doubles as a moisturizer and primer for me! on no-makeup days it gives me such a radiant glow! what’s your go-to makeup look? i am one for an ultra highlight and glossy lip! what does it mean to owning your light is to be unapologetic! i express that by experimenting with my look with makeup! i can go from light and fresh to dewy to fierce.... true expression is achieved when you do what compliments your inner glow, so it beams on the outside! @nyane's lilac graphic eye is everything we've ever dreamed of she slays the look wearing our epic ink liner born to glow radiant foundation @cassperalta said:⁣ inspired by @artistry.bri extra, extra, read all abrowt it! our first-ever digital magazine just landed, and we have a special surprise for you! browse our mini moments of happiness to find an exclusive discount code! just head to the link in our bio! did you know we have a full range of mascaras? comment below and tell us which one you use! the mascara revolution adds amazing volume and length that won’t flake or smudge. the rich consistency dries down to leave you with fanned out, defined lashes.⁣ big lash volume mascara is the ultimate volumising mascara with a wide angled brush to give every single lash some oomph!⁣ wispy false lash mascara is the ultimate natural finish mascara with a wide angled brush for a gorgeous feathery effect!⁣ stretch it out mascara is the ultimate lengthening mascara with a unique combing brush to add length to each and every lash⁣ curl elevation mascara is the ultimate in curling mascara, featuring a unique curved brush designed to give every single lash some serious lift!⁣ big lash waterproof volume mascara is the same volumising brush but in waterproof! the new restores youthful dimensions to scalp fiber for hair seemingly untouched by time. witness youthful scalp and luscious locks while experiencing a sensorial ritual. find your at-home routine at www.kerastase.com honored to win as the best mascara primer for the @allure best of beauty 2020 awards two years in a row. take your mascara to the next level with epic lash primer. available @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. the semi-final 9 are here it's your turn to vote! help us pick the three beautyscape semi-finalists who will have the chance to collab on e.l.f.'s next big beauty collection with our 3 @umgbgram music artists and @girlsinc! click on the to vote 9.27. 20 @esantoinette is lookin' like money in emerald eyes with our sold out pistachio palette and sprinkles brush set that's still in stock for a limited time pssttt... we heard you guys might want a restock?! this glossy nude lip is everything @makeupbymissevelyn wears our micro brow pencil in 'espresso' butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' for this soft glam are you team neutrals or team bold colors? drop it grab the channel surfing lip gloss collection includes all 5 shades for only $35 $50 value on morphe.com select morphe stores. @trendmood1 congrats to our very own @danessamyricks for winning @allure's best of beauty award for colorfix! swipe to see all the using @anishastyling⁣ @princessjasmen⁣ @mameantawade⁣ @sabateur⁣ @edenpolanii⁣ shop on morphe.com select morphe stores. feelin' glossy @sabineonar swipes on our butter gloss in 'tiramisu' for this luscious lippie these brows are it @slaybyjess masters a soft, natural brow look using hydra-light smoothing lip scrub is formulated with natural sugars to gently exfoliate and smooth lips. just gently rub into lips, then wipe away follow hydra-light smoothing lip scrub with hydra-light plumping lip balm to attract and lock in moisture. want the @danessamyricks glow up? these 3 will be your holy grail shop @danessamyricks beauty on morphe.com select stores! drop a below if this palette is your must-have! @flatlay2slay the born this way eye shadow palette is so beautiful! i am obsessed with every shade! all of the mattes and shimmers are so stunning! available @sephora glow up to higher standards with our 100 mg cbd facial oil formulated with marula and grapeseed oil to balance skin and notes of chamomile and japanese citrus to invigorate the senses. massage onto clean, dry skin or mix with moisturizer click on the to shop! eye spy: how many products can you spot in these two images? p.s. find more fun content like this in our digital magazine! head to the link in bio to access it now! @shannonwarf styling: @petiterouge1 major drama. oversized lashes. major volume mascara delivers instant volume and the look of faux lashes for your most epic lashes yet. model: @crispiccone grab onto these luxe face eye brushes online @ultabeauty before they sell out for good keep the bold, now add the gold. style your lashes with our mascara wardrobe. tap to shop and @kxtbonifacio slays this electric using our new current faves here are the deets: dip, shape, go! brow pomade ultimate utopia shadow palette ultimate shadow palette in ‘brights’ bare with me hydrating jelly primer brb, watching this on repeat you can get @traceydoesmakeup’s easy everyday brow look with in deep brown! who can relate to this? comment if it is a yes! revolution x friends by @missecbeauty makeup revolution x friends phoebe palette buffay⁣ makeup revolution x friends rachel palette push over⁣ makeup revolution x friends monica palette twins⁣ makeup revolution x friends flawless limitless eyeshadow palette ugly naked guy, ursula, joey, rachel and mr heckles ugly naked guy for highlighter⁣ for the lips makeup revolution x friends monica lipstick and joey chandler lipgloss life is better with friends! refer a friend and get money off yourself! find out more on revolutionbeauty.com you can find us daydreaming about this view with @belenhostalet. hope everyone has a chance to stop and soak in a sunset this weekend. developed with new prismatic pigments, each of the 5 shades in the becca x @barbieferreira prismatica face palette blend seamlessly. plus, an iridescent topper, created with a sheer base and eye-catching reflective pearl can be layered on top of any other shade to add a prismatic effect to the face and eyes. our latest foundation conceal glow pumped with light reflecting pearl particles plus brightening vitamin c for the ultimate skin-loving radiant finish available now £9.99€10.99$12.00⁣ shop the rest of our glow range for that full look fall has us feeling like it’s time for a new lipstick our srsly satin lipsticks are super pigmented with a silky-smooth satin finish which shade is your favorite for fall? tap to shop for $3 now, you can blow your lashes out of proportion with our air volume mega mascara! get everything you want in just a few strokes...mega lashes with mega impact and no weighdown! our friends family sale is happening now!! treat yourself to 25 off site wide on toofaced.com use code: family25. exclusions apply. rouge trafalgar pays homage to the red runway look that christian dior included in each collection to surprise the crowd. now available in a beautiful couture palette to get the most intense eye look! 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black @t.rinluck we've fallen for you hi pigment! @paletteaddict swatches our new ultimate utopia shadow palette just wow! we love this look from @lifemadefierce her eyes are on fire with our glow heatwave palette also wearing conceal define concealer in c13, splendour bronzer in dark and keeping that look in place with conceal and define setting spray giveaway closed! congrats @sjapley, @arianaaveee, @alanaherman! thanks to everyone who participated! three lucky winners will win everything here from our latest additions to our —@suchgoodeverything 9-pan fam! what you'll win: @suchgoodeverything @suchgoodeverything @suchgoodeverything @suchgoodeverything 9c color me cool artistry palette 9k khaki calling artistry palette⁣⁣ 9l lavendaze artistry palette⁣⁣ 9h hot for hue artistry palette⁣⁣ how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @suchgoodeverything⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: fave product? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 92820 at 11:59 pm pst. the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd on 92920. @beatsbylizzie has us melting for this truffle blush look in shade strawberry vanilla the one where friends x revolution series 1 is now available on demand! it has been restocked on revolutionbeauty.com don't miss out, limited stock available on some lines! what is a beautiful makeup without perfectly filled eyebrows, right? it takes only three simple steps to create the perfect frame for your eye makeup. used products: eye brow designer n°5 ash blond 2 in 1 brow perfector eye brow powder n°12 truffle pro friday live! w guest artist @regina.m.void stepping into halloween in full drag!!! use for fine lines, flicked wings and everything in between find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com there is always a reason to smile! tag someone who makes you smile! @hudabeautyshop khaki haze obsessions nymph highlighter ready for a power nap? our will have you looking refreshed and renewed, night or day! cleanse: advanced night cleansing balm gently removes makeup and impurities strengthen: skin activating treatment lotion fortifies and renews skin repair: new face serum provides 8-hour antioxidant protection and aids in skin's nightly repair process moisturize: deeply nourish skin with revitalizing supreme night creme brighten eyes: renew the look of your eye area with advanced night repair eye supercharged complex lip care: treat yourself to plumped and moisturized lips with nighttime rescue oil brighten your light like singersongwriter @madisonbeer the one with... the friends scrunchie⁣ now in stock!⁣ @sonya.elle.dee has the full complete friends look using the phoebe palette, lipgloss and of course with that must-have friends mirror to make sure she is “looking good”! phoebe palette £8€9.99$12⁣⁣ phoebe lipstick £6€6.99$8⁣⁣ phoebe lip gloss £6€6.99$8⁣⁣ friends scrunchie 3 pack £6€7.99$8⁣ drop a in the comments below if you’ve ever tried our iconic bronzer! on the lips. the cherry on top. get a deep red high-shine lip with hydra beauty nutrition lip care, rouge allure velvet extrême in rouge obscur and a topcoat of rouge coco gloss in décadent. step 1. apply hydra beauty nutrition lip care with your finger. step 2. lightly line the outer edge of the lips with rouge allure velvet extrême in rouge obscur using the lip brush and fill-in the colour. step 3. apply a second layer of rouge allure velvet extrême in rouge obscur directly from the bullet. step 4. apply rouge coco gloss in décadent on top colouring the full lip. get the lips: hydra beauty nutrition lip care rouge allure velvet extrême n°130 rouge obscur rouge coco gloss n°768 décadent pinceau lèvres lip brush @mayowanicholas after extensive formula testing from the most advanced skincare actives, the new ritual encapsulates 3 of the most powerful ingredients to revitalize hair and scalp with youthfulness. 1. hyaluronic acid: to envelope the hair in deep penetrating, hydrating nutrition that will restore life to ageing fibers and rejuvenate a dry, slack scalp. 2. vitamin e: to keep external aggressors from devitalizing the hair and scalp. it will also improve blood circulation and scalp elasticity and prevent damage from uv light, pollution and free radicals. 3. abyssine: to repair to time-damaged hair and revitalize each strand for a flawless finish. find out more at www.kerastase.com lilac eyes and long lashes. by @themarcjacobs wearing mascara. alert in honor of we’ve teamed up with @vivalabonita to give you a chance to win the ultimate prize pack sent because when you have your hoops on your eyeliner is on point, nothing can stop you! we’re giving away two pairs of gold bonita hoops, one gold bonita nameplate necklace a bundle of our faves to one lucky winner here’s how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics @vivalabonita like this post tag a friend us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on september 25, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on september 27, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. for complete rules, visit bit.ly2fr29gd out pores. virtually banish pores instantly for a soft-focus finish with our primed poreless advanced formula powder! available @cultbeauty. the easy-to-apply glitter you’ve been waiting for. our liquid glitter eyeshadows are have high impact shine, minimal fall-out and long-lasting staying power for only $5. tap to shop! style your lashes with this bold trio. start with then choose your lash look. go for extreme length and curl with or major volume with tap to shop. 9.27. 20 are you team rose gold or glowing gold the setting sprays instantly seals in moisture, leaving your skin hydrated all day with a glowing finish and light tropical scent.⁣ made w coconut water apple extract⁣⁣! @trendmood1 beautiful brows in 15 seconds!? sign us up! @leneemarie’s brow routine consists of: in shade 4 to define in shade 3 to fill shade to shape set what's your sign?! add a touch of magic to your makeup stash with our crystal zodiac 12 piece brush set. two-toned vegan bristles, gunmetal ferrules and energizing crystal inspired handles available only @ultabeauty! we will gladly put on a mask if it means another excuse to wear eyeshadow. @kathydenise wearing lunar, a dusty rose primer with a pink shimmer topper. elevate your lash look this weekend. @nadiabartel wears mascara. fall vibez @makeupbymaryclara completes this fiery with our control freak eyebrow gel available on nyxcosmetics.com happy we’re putting the spotlight on our very own @stylesbyvero. tune in to hear vero share her story as a hispanic american woman and a fun look including her must-haves!⁣ tap to watch and shop vero’s favorites:⁣ futurist aqua brilliance primer: https:estee.cm3i4o7oo⁣ futurist hydra rescue foundation: https:estee.cm3ibamoh⁣ radiant concealer: https:estee.cm30pdrrz⁣ powder bronzer: https:estee.cm3cviy69⁣ highlighter in heatwave: https:estee.cm3mr3ew5⁣ blush in wild sunset: https:estee.cm366drrz⁣ featherlight brow enhancer: https:estee.cm368rajp⁣ little black liner: https:estee.cm3l0vqv5⁣ eye pencil in emerald volt: https:estee.cm3mufwz2⁣ multi-effects mascara: https:estee.cm309womx⁣ paint-on liquid lipcolor in poppy sauvage 300: https:estee.cm3muro3f which swatch is your fave? shades: venus rosewood mercury cool mauve mars chai latte saturn dusty pink nude⁣ jupiter clear⁣ grab the channel surfing lip gloss collection includes all 5 shades for only $35 $50 value on morphe.com select morphe stores! @gwadoubeauty i have been using this product for about a month. a little goes a long way so it is very efficient. i love this under eye gel. i have never seen anything work such magic on the dark purple under my eyes. it brightens and soothes. anyone with dark circles, this is your best friend!! -a five star review by em2000 on elfcosmetics.com for our 50mg cbd eye cream get 50mg cbd eye cream at elfcosmetics.com @moodsandviews all eyes on @majdasakho she perfects her glam using our melted chocolate eye shadow shade amaretto, melted matte lipstick shade queen b, and better than sex eyeliner! bolder together. coat your lashes with cult-favorite then go full out using and for longer, fuller, more dramatic lashes. tap to shop. our new is top tip: apply brow microfilling pen to clean, dry brows store the pen upside down to ensure all 3 prongs of the tip are evenly saturated by the ink formula! title: how-to use tinted brow gel learn how to fill, groom, and shape your beautiful brows using brow crush tinted brow gel w @lipsticknick on @alanaschober! just a sec while we pick our jaws up from the floor @shantaniabeckford is giving off a lethal dose of are you in mood for a statement lip look right now? then you'll need to try red lips including a fantastic finish and an irresistible shine. recreate the look with our high performance lipstick n°404 rose hip! the one with the... we are loving this from @nailasworld using the friends x revolution flawless palette 7 days, 7 ampoules! hurry and get your hands on our laser 7 day cure peeling effect ampoules with 10 glycolic acid! after 7 nightly doses, skin will appear smoother and brighter with dark spots reduced. use each night for one week, always wear our revitalift laser spf20 the following morning. i know, i know⁣ the revolution x friends monica palette features an array of 9 copper and warm neutral shades to help you create monica's 90's inspired makeup look. plus, for those days you may be proposing to your best friend friends enthusiasts, you'll know what we mean! add a sultry pop of burgundy or some shimmer to take your look to a seven.⁣ complete your monica inspired look with the monica lipstick or monica lip gloss too!⁣ if you find any lines out of stock on revolutionbeauty.com, head over to @asos these lashes who's tried it? available at @sephora it’s like all my life everyone’s told me, ‘you’re a shoe! you’re a shoe! you’re a shoe!’ the revolution x friends rachel palette features an array of 9 neutral shades to help you create rachel's signature makeup looks. plus, for those days you don't want to be a shoe friends enthusiasts, you'll know what we mean! add a vibrant pop of pink colour or some shimmer to your look. we guarantee you'll never want to take a break from this palette! complete your rachel inspired look with the rachel lipstick or rachel lipgloss if you find any lines out of stock on revolutionbeauty.com, try heading over to @asos something is wrong with the left phalange” the revolution x friends phoebe palette features an array of 9 neutral shades to help you create phoebe's 90's inspired makeup look. plus, for those days you may be bumping into your old scientist love flame or adopting your princess consuela persona friends enthusiasts, you'll know what we mean! add a pop of coral or some shimmer to take your look to a oh actually, no, i look good.” level complete your phoebe inspired look with the phoebe lipstick or phoebe lipgloss if you find any lines out of stock on revolutionbeauty.com, try heading over to @asos achieve thicker and fuller eyebrows thanks to the felt tip comb of our pro tip brow liner n°34 blonde tip which draws fine lines and colors every single hair. what is glycolic acid? it's a gold-standard skincare ingredient, the foremost acid used by dermatologists because it efficiently removes dead skin cells. our laser 7 day cure peeling effect ampoules contain 10 glycolic acid to give you clearer and resurfaced skin in only 7 days. use each night for one week, always wear our revitalift laser spf20 the following morning. we went crazy for this look from @klaudiastandarska using the friends x revolution rachel palette and the friends x revolution phoebe lipstick! out of stock on revolutionbeauty.com? head over to @asos the eyes have it a new look, that is! add definition to your eyes with a neutral palette, like sculpting eyeshadow in defiant nude, while keeping your lashes neat and natural or amp up the volume with a that can do it all, like our sumptuous extreme or sumptuous rebel length lift mascara. a new, natural that's sure to wow what’s not to love? spice up your makeup game. push the boundaries with creativity using the bold playful shades in our new @mariale amor caliente eye shadow cheek palette. don’t forget: we recycle! bring your empties from any brand into a boutique to give packaging a second life. it’s a little act you can do that makes a big difference. taking a look back to @themarcjacobs’ legendary spring 1993 grunge show featuring big, bold cherries, one of marc’s iconic signatures. this look @makeupbyamarie looks e.l.f.ing amazing in green using our bite-size eyeshadow in hot jalapeno, expert liquid liner in jet black, trouble maker faux mink lashes, poreless putty primer, bite-size face duo in spiced apple, srsly satin lipstick in crème. tap to shop get into glimmer, an ultra-smooth bronze shimmer for the face and eyes. get multidimensional looks all season long with the new becca x @barbieferreira prismatica face palette. leeloo came through @lynnacsecnarf who else remembers the you drive me full-on crazy these wild, unexpected shades have us feeling some type of way @browngirlfriendly cherry dress, cherry lips. a look back on this maraschino moment. legendary makeup artist @hungvanngo used on shailene wore collection at the runway fall 2019 marc jacobs show. the one with all of the accessories! the sleek black cosmetics bag is the must-have insta-worthy accessory if you find any lines out of stock on revolutionbeauty.com, try heading over to @asos we're in love with @lilasheen's smoldering she wears our bare with me hydrating jelly primer highlighter contour pro palette to get the look that sultry stare got us like @tiarramonet sculpted her features with toasted bronzer and built soft, natural brows with in shade 4.5! to celebrate our new expanded assortment in-stores! enter for a chance to win in our stories and check out our store locator at wetnwildbeauty.com to see if your local walmart now features more wet n wild! must be 18 years-old and live in the united states to enter. we love @the.hannahjensen's look, done almost entirely with products! she starts strong with our primer serum and dewy foundation, then gets her glow with our bronzer in sunset striptease. her eyes pop with our eyeliners and bad bitch lift mascara, then she sets it all with our 3-in-1 primer water in coconut get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com forever summer giveaway! two of you will win a $500 haul! follow @benefitcosmetics @frankiesbikinis like this post tag 3 bffs below, along with @benefitcosmetics @frankiesbikinis! for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics, @frankiesbikinis good luck! giveaway ends tomorrow, 927, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.lybenefitxfb promotion a lovely welcome to the gorgeous advent calender of @paulvalentine we and other brands cooperated with! the calender will be launched october 01, 2020, and costs 149 with a merchandise value of over 550 there will be no restock. amazing fact: you can pick between your favorite color of jewelry gold, silver and rosegold! which color will you choose? let us know in the comments! 10 makes a difference! discover our laser 7 day cure peeling effect ampoules with 10 glycolic acid. after 1 ampoule, skin looks smoother and more radiant. after 7 ampoules, skin appears clearer, resurfaced and refined. use each night for one week, always wear our revitalift laser spf20 the following morning. today's skincare lineup keep the beauty hangover away with our hydrating nourishing hangover skincare! if you thought kale and spinach were good for you, learn about our new skincare collection. long life herb has even higher mineral content and you know we’re all about the minerals. @desihardiyanti's swatches our new filler instinct plumping lip colors for an extra juicy lippie which shade is your fave? sugar pie juicy pout besos beach casual the one where @maglen09 wows using the revolution x friends limitless palette! finishing the look with the monica rachel glosses! the new parfum en huile is a fragrance oil to be used after styling for a finishing touch of shine and softness. this blend of tea rose, light woods and musk with an oleo-extract of myrrh wraps the hair in a sensual and subtle fragrance. delicately scented and visibly shiny, your hair reaches a new level of beauty. provide strength and shine to your hair while reducing breakage with chronologiste parfum en huile. featuring @claratlan @laura.baumane is sweet like syrup in our buttery belgian waffle bronzer highlighter meet your new fall favorites our new ride or die lip balm shades in cheeky cherry and p.s.l. pumpkin spice latte are here to help you keep your lips hydrated with gorgeous fall tones tap to shop for $5 shiny, saturated and covered in cheeky cherries. flashback to marc’s legendary spring 1993 grunge show. @themarcjacobs on the lips. take a closer look. explore your dark side with these irresistible black-cherry red lips. get the look: hydra beauty nutrition lip care rouge allure velvet extrême n°130 rouge obscur rouge coco gloss n°768 décadent les beiges eau de teint deep joues contraste n°320 rouge profond ombre première laque n°32 vastness le crayon sourcils n°60 noir cendré le volume de chanel n°10 @mayowanicholas which shade from our ultimate utopia shadow palette would you hit pan on first? @bylaumk if you could wear one 9-pan every day, which would it be? drop it 9h hot for hue artistry palette⁣⁣ 9l lavendaze artistry palette⁣⁣ 9c color me cool artistry palette 9k khaki calling artistry palette⁣⁣ i could so easily freak out right now. the ultimate collectable friends x revolution lipgloss has landed. intense colour pay-off with a wet look finish- the perfect collection to take you from day to night if you find any shades out of stock on revolutionbeauty.com, try heading over to @asos all wrapped up in red. @themarcjacobs in his studio, circa 1995. tomorrow @dreamingofhell grooms snatches her brows using our bare with me cannabis brow setting @sarahlouwho giving babe a whole new definition! she goes for our pro palette, we have a thing for lippies. which shade is your go-to in the fall? sound off in the comments! shop our melted matte lipsticks @shoppersbeauty. cheeky cherries. @themarcjacobs double cherry silk scarf, 2015. something decadent is coming soon… @sarahsalame slays this everyday, soft glam using our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil butter gloss in 'madeline' @overglowmatic snaps a pic of her everyday essentials for keepin' her skin extra hydrated who else is loving our bare with me collection? she’s beauty and she’s grace… she’s @influenster’s 2020 reviewers’ choice award winner for best mass brow product our lock on liner brow cream glides on smooth to sculpt, shade, and define brows as well as doubling as an eyeliner and eyeshadow! for gorgeous long-lasting color. we are so glad you love it as much as we do! tap to shop for $4 from @themarcjacobs. “ah, youth. school days. high school of art and design circa 1979. mr. monarchio’s class. dressed in my favorite red velour sweatshirt by enrico coveri.” too to handle whether they're badass in blue or raging in red, these know how to make a learn how to transition your look from cool to warm tones using everything from singersongwriter @madisonbeer's collection w @lipsticknick! spot the difference between these two pics! how many did you find?! want more check out our digital catalog at the link in bio! hint hint: there’s a discount code waiting for you... @mattlars is a real qt he pairs our to complete his brow look! strenghten and care your brows with our lash brow power serum. your brows and even your lashes will look denser and fuller within weeks with regular application. image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @natalia.osipova.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @gretaaschmidt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ swatch partaaaayyyy we love that @jayblissy has been trying out the new friends x revolution lipglosses which one do you love the most? will you give it a try? want to hear more about the laser 7 day cure peeling effect ampoules? check out these trusted reviews from our consumers. use each night for one week, always wear our revitalift laser spf20 the following morning. the revolution x friends character lipsticks feature a line up of our best-selling satin kiss lipstick shades in a limited edition friends design, to help transport you to your favourite friends tv show episodes! available in three best-selling shades:⁣ phoebe- deep pink⁣ monica- soft peachy pink⁣ rachel- soft mauve the one with.... the fall glam! we love this look by @vmeers using the new revolution x friends collection! beautiful shadows and lippies in such fun packaging and the mirror is the cutest thing ever! i’m ready to go help move a couch...pivot!⁣ soap styler⁣ friends x revolution limitless palette⁣ friends x revolution monica palette⁣ @thealexisstone instinct palette for yellow inner corner⁣ friends x revolution limitless palette shade ‘mr heckles’ for highlight⁣ @roxxsaurus contour blush palettes⁣ friends x revolution phoebe lipstick gloss⁣ @xxrevolution cloud complexxion primer grey and pink? it's a winning combination for an elegant couture look. try it out with the new 5 couleurs couture palette in black bow! 5 couleurs couture 079 black bow diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black the one with all the eyeshadow! the revolution flawless limitless 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create endless looks and includes 3 highlighters, then there is a palette for rachel, monica and phoebe to collect! full of power! inspired by professional peeling, our laser 7 day cure peeling effect ampoules are highly concentrated with 10 glycolic acid to give you resurfacing peeling effect in just one week. now that's fast results! use each night for one week, always wear our revitalift laser spf20 the following morning. clay, creme or sheet we love a good mask. so, we this trending diy sheet mask. this hack transforms your favorite essence into a targeted at-home treatment. here’s how it works: soak thin cotton pads or rounds in make sure they’re really saturated. place the pads wherever you want to calm and hydrate the skin. hint: if your pads are layered pull them apart better attachment. wait about 5 minutes don’t wait for them to dry all the way!. remove the pads and lightly press in the remaining micro essence follow with the rest of your skincare routine have a great day! on the lips. discover the star products of this dark vinyl lip. get the goods: rouge allure velvet extrême n°130 rouge obscur rouge coco gloss n°768 décadent hydra beauty nutrition lip care our babe @prettywithlee is born this way! she wears our new born this way matte foundation shade golden and super coverage concealer shade almond. new addition to the e.l.f. cosmetics brush family our new oval brushes come in small $6 medium $8 and large $10 sizes to optimize your makeup routine and create a flawless, airbrushed effect with an ergonomically friendly shape that curves to the shape of your face available now for beauty squad loyalty members signing up is easy! head to elfcosmetics.com now! @jaxvicious is giving us major vixen vibes in high-impact, high-attitude shadows welcome to the step into a place where everything is not what it seems. discover rooms full of wonder. this is where dolls come alive. while you might be locked in, your artistry is unleashed illusion makeup by @mimles “pivot!” @by.anjaa has used our character eyeshadow palettes with the friends limitless palette to create this look, finishing it off with the phoebe lipstick lipgloss! meet skin glazing from @nablacosmetics these luminous powders feature a wet-to-dry formula for buildable coverage that’s suitable for all skin types shades: truth peachy rose lola watermelon with amber and peachy reflects independence rosy-hazelnut with golden and magenta reflects shop on morphe.com select stores! you’re the cherry on top, @themarcjacobs. something decadent is coming soon... just when we were starting to feel the fall vibes, second summer comes through with a little more hot weather. the zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip is your hot weather essential to glow you up without weighing you down. what’s the name of the last song you listened to?! our reunion tour palette is available for $60 a $150 value! now at @ultabeauty! @bethelight81 introducing our new sfx face and body paint hyper saturated pigment. endless possibilities these 6 blendable, buildable creams set to a dry long-wearing finish and include key primary bright shades to create every color imaginable. available for a limited time at nyxcosmetics.com no more worries about disheveled eyebrow hairs. our clear lash brow gel fixes your eyebrows instantly. it also provides protection for your eyelashes.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ meet the dolls: broken beauty her perfection is not a reality. illusion makeup by the wildly talented mimi choi @mimles highly recommended! many can attest to the fact that our laser 7 day cure peeling effect ampoules offers visible results in 7 days. if you've used it before, we want to hear about your experience. leave a review below! use each night for one week, always wear our revitalift laser spf20 the following morning. why wait for golden hour when you can shine all day wearing the sultry metallic, shimmer, and sparkle shades in our born this way eye shadow palette? stock up @sephorafrance! get flawless with our or foundation or try both on the last day for 40 off all face products! stock up on all your favorites, plus get free shipping on orders $15 or with purchase of item. get the promo at wetnwildbeauty.com we hope that you loved friends series 1! what would you like to see in the next series?⁣ comment below and tell us issa palette partayyy comment below and let us know your favorite you can’t live without take time to turn back time with le rituel d'exception régénérant. the chronologiste in-salon protocol presents two sensorial, revitalizing rituals that restore your hair and scalp to their optimal state: the express treatment, a 20 minute service with instant anti-ageing effects the full salon protocol, a 30 minute service for total relaxation and revitalization. the express treatment revitalizes hair in 4 steps: 1. bathe: the hairdresser cleanses the hair thoroughly with youth revitalizing bain régénérant shampoo. 2. treat: with a personalized mix of masque régénérant vital concentrate pearls, applied with a brush and boosted by a massage for an uplifting penetrating effect. 3. protect: before styling, the hairdresser primes the hair with a youth revitalizing heat protectant. 4. style and fragrance enjoy a careful blowdry and style, finished with a shine and fragrance-infusing hair oil. the full salon protocol is a more complete complete in-salon luxurious ritual 1. pre-cleanse the hairdresser applies a purifying pre-wash treatment to deeply cleanse the scalp and roots. 2. bathe: with bain régénérant. 3. treat: with a personalized mix of masque régénérant vital concentrate perls, applied with a brush and boosted by a massage for an uplifting penetrating effect. 4. activate the chronologiste serum is smoothed on wet hair from roots to ends, delivering anti-ageing actives for total hair and scalp restoration. 5. protect: with thermique régénérant 6. style and fragrance: with huile de parfum book your in-salon exceptional youth revitalizing ritual for your hair and scalp at the nearest kerastase salon: https:hair-salons.kerastase.com meet the dolls: newlywed undead devour a love that bites back. illusion makeup by the wildly talented mimi choi @mimles we are loving @lishalovesmakeup in these gorgeous fall hues products featured: putty eye primer in rose, hydrating camo concealer in light beige and halo glow setting powder in light tap to shop always ask for extra cherries. on the lips. put a modern dark twist on your usual red lips with a topcoat of rouge coco gloss in décadent, an ultra-deep purple gloss. for a base, @mayowanicholas uses rouge allure velvet extrême in rouge obscur, but any deep shade will do. get the full look: hydra beauty nutrition lip care rouge allure velvet extrême n°130 rouge obscur rouge coco gloss n°768 décadent les beiges eau de teint deep joues contraste n°320 rouge profond ombre première laque n°32 vastness le crayon sourcils n°60 noir cendré le volume de chanel n°10 all eyes on @alxcext meet the dolls: prima ballerina performing until she shatters. illusion makeup by the wildly talented mimi choi @mimles meet the dolls: dark magic stitched up and ready to haunt. illusion makeup by the wildly talented mimi choi @mimles perfection as far as the eye can see @angelabright fills defines her with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! perfection as far as the eye can see @angelabright fills defines her with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! marasheeno. tomorrow, dig into tempting beauty treats. want a natural vegan flare lash style that is both elegant and stylish? say hello to luxe in faux mink lite from @lillylashes shop on morphe.com morphe select stores! new season, same amazing lashes in the perfect pink tube. tap to shop @sephora. our ride or die lip balms give the perfect wash of color to your lips while hydrating and moisturizing with rose and jojoba oil which shade is your fave? grapefruit goals p.s.l. pumpkin spice latte cheeky cherry mighty mint just peachy tough cookie boss berry tap to shop for $5 meet our global ambassador, @emmachenartistry namepronouns? emma chen sheher where you do live? brisbane, queensland, australia what do you do? hairmakeup artist and glow-getter! what’s the first becca product you fell in love with? the iconic becca champagne pop pressed highlighter because i feel like it was the first of its kind, and is still one of my most used products in my kit today. what’s the one becca product you can’t live without? the becca under eye brightening corrector i use this product on all genders, ages, and skin types. it’s nourishing and brightens without depositing a ton of pigment onto the skin, leaving your under eyes looking fresh and bright. what’s your favorite recent becca launch? it has to be the light gleam. there is a colour for everyone. i found all of the shades work on all different skin types. my personal favourite is dusk, the green really makes my brown eyes sparkle! what’s your go-to makeup look? because i'm on set so early most mornings, i like to keep my makeup routine really simple, fresh and bronzy. my key products would be the becca backlight priming filter to hydrate and for a natural glow, and the becca under eye brightening corrector, so it doesn’t look like i had to wake up at 4am. what does it mean to for me, to “own your light” means being confident and content with who i am, and waking up each day being truly happy! how many brow products do you own?! a. none… yet! b. 1-2 c. 3-5 d. the more, the merrier! forget the sugar, @menaadubea is bringing the spice our waterproof eyebrow designer fills small gaps in your eyebrows optimally to make them appear fuller. the integrated brush enables optimal blending. black bow is a nod to christian dior's beloved bow tie, immortalized by fashion illustrator rené gruau. 5 couleurs couture 079 bow back to basics! get your indoorphins flowing with these quick-fix beauty hits! swipe to see!⁣ conceal define concealer⁣ conceal glow foundation⁣ mega bronzer⁣ forever flawless allure⁣ mascara revolution⁣ pout bomb maxi plump lip gloss glaze the concealer for everyone. 50 shades ranging from deep to fair, in a range of undertones a lightweight yet full coverage concealer to cover blemishes, even skin tone and counteract dark circles, with a matte finish that wont settle or accentuate fine lines and pores cruelty free⁣ vegan drop some if you’re loving this beautiful glam by @hailiebarber she’s wearing @hudabeauty khaki repost @hailiebarber feels like fall how gorgeous are these tones!? i have been loving any and all shades of green lately! the most exciting time of the year is upon us! let's kick off paris fashion week with this electrifying graphic tick look created by our very own global makeup director @thevalgarland. watch out! she's created the trendiest make-up looks, so stay tuned to find out more about the latest beauty trends. @parisfashionweek nature is often a source of inspiration for science. by mimicking the caviar encapsulation method, the concentrated vitality pearls guarantee the greatest freshness of active ingredients in the in-salon treatments. by mixing the vital concentrate pearls with the masque régénérant, your hair will benefit from the best overall regeneration care from the scalp to the ends. the rituel d’exception régénérant is the ultimate exclusive in-salon treatment for overall regeneration of the scalp and hair fiber. this timeless experience with proven effectiveness can only be performed by your approved kérastase hairdresser so book your appointment now at the nearest salon https:hair-salons.kerastase.com and go hand in hand, and on your skin too start with new a fast-penetrating that minimizes the look of pores, firms skin and provides 72-hour hydration with then, lock in the moisture with an ultra-light, ultra-hydrating like sorbet creme spf 15 have you tried this clever combo? light gleam’s long-wear pigmented primer means you get crease-free colour all day, so no matter how you choose to wear, your look won’t budge. shown in red star. the forever flawless allure palette forever flawless affinity palettes each contain 18 matte, shimmer and marbled pressed glitter eyeshadows, you’ll be spoilt for choice!! check out all these shades! when a soft glow meets flawless skin, it gives you an effortless radiant appearance from within...which explains why a glamour nude look can never be dethroned! it's one of the trendiest makeup looks brought to you by the one and only @thevalgarland! to learn more about this super achievable look, stick around! @parisfashionweek issa vibe spice up your monday glam with the bold, spicy shades in our new @mariale amor caliente eye shadow and cheek palette! heads will roll get your fill of deadly temptation with a huge, sultry array of mattes and shimmers that'll leave 'em out of breath @adelesmakeup is rainbow wheel goals extra shiny, extra saturated, extraordinary! introducing our limited-edition holiday collection decked out in decadent cherries. indulge your cravings with lids-to-lips favorites with a cherry twist, inspired by marc’s love for cherry prints in his fashion designs. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon globally: @marcjacobs: 1016 online @harveynichols uk: 1016 online in-store @sephoramiddleeast: 1015 online in-store @sephora usa: 1016 online in-store @sephoracanada: 1016 online in-store sephora europe: 1016 online @sephoraaus: 1020 online sephora southeast asia: 1022 online in-store this is the perfect soft look in berry colors for you if you want to spice up your natural daily makeup look! recreate the look with these products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ multi stick for face lips n°30 creamy nougat⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint foundation n°32 cool cashew⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint concealer n°12 neutral light bronzing powder compact n°30 terracotta⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°211 elegant beige⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°205 lucent ferrite⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°570 matt terrazzo⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°209 earth spirit⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip brilliance n°72 brilliant romantic pink⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ color care nail lacquer n°589 charming rose⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ muah: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @s.b.997⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get a smoky eye in greys and metallics? 5 couleurs couture 079 black bow diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black flash luminizer diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black dior lipglow 001 pink bite-size face duos make us feel creamy and blendable blush and highlight duos to create the perfect glow @moodsandviews shop on elfcosmetics.com for $3 formulated with moisturizing ingredients, like vitamin e, this gloss delivers a shimmering shine and a non-sticky, feel-good finish.⁣ shade names: can’t wait pinky mauve shimmer grateful magenta shimmer hi friend berry rose shimmer all smiles prismatic peach shimmer lucky me golden nude shimmer birthday giveaway time!! my bday is on friiiiday i’ve never really been into celebrating it, but this year i am!! i wanted to celebrate with you too! i’m turning 37 and wanted to do a major giveaway!! we’re choosing a total of 37 winners, 36 winners who will each get all of my current favorite products 1 grand prize winner who will get these gorg goodies from @theluxurycloset full collection of full details on the blog to win, all you have to do is: like this post tag 5 friends follow @theluxurycloset @hudabeauty contest ends on 5th october winners will be announced on www.hudabeauty.com on 6th october! best of luck my loves please stay safe mimi choi spills the tea on how she created the looks for our campaign fills us in on her mindblowing career as an illusion makeup artist cloudy with a chance of blue skies @chloeandcosmetics beauty babe @babsbeauty shows off her flawless complexion wearing our born this way matte foundation shade light beige. golden hour with @alissajanay she goes for in shade 5 to define her this look is so beautiful! @jadeybabexo is loving the new forever flawless affinity palette and we are loving this look also using the new conceal glow foundation, and finishing the look with the fix glow setting powder products used:⁣ forever flawless affinity palette⁣ @xxrevolution brow pencil in medium brown⁣ conceal and glow foundation f6⁣ conceal and define concealer c2⁣ @iheartrevolution peach baking powder⁣ @makeupobsession game set matte baked powder⁣ @makeupobsession throw shade palette⁣ @revolutionpro skin finish in opalescent⁣ @roxxsaurus contour palette⁣ fix and glow setting spray we’re coming for you, switzerland. we heard your requests and are so excited to announce we’re available now, exclusively through @marionnaudch. 3 days in the studio. 30 hours of artistry. 5 intricate illusions. 1 global campaign so to @mimles for making our come to life we're not sure if you've heard.. but copper is the new gold this paris fashion week the copper smokies trend blends metallic and burnished bronze shades to achieve a strong monotone balance. another round of applause for @thevalgarland for creating this masterpiece! stay with us a little longer to get all of the details about this trend. @parisfashionweek in modern society, women are subject to many external pressures on how to live their lives. society tries to dictate who they should be at a certain age, at a certain moment, at a certain time... female empowerment is also about following our own pace freeing women from these pressures to truly go full out in maraschino monochrome with daring ruby eyes, glowing cheeks and luscious lips. global artistry ambassador @morganemartini created this look on @justjenaye using the new, limited-edition collection. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. the queen of illusions @mimles adds a pop of color to this sickening optical illusion with our vivid brights liner in 'vivid fire' don't let her innocent gaze fool you this bombshell knows how to slay check out our stories to recreate @alyciamarie's smoldering looks smooth, replenish, and add a pop of color our limited edition lip kloss kit, created by @karliekloss, has everything you need to get your lip look on lock, and comes in a chic pink textured cosmetic bag tap to shop this exclusive set! us only each lip kloss kit includes: pure color envy smoothing exfoliate and smooth purecolorenvy color replenish hydrate and condition purecolorenvy sculpting in rebellious rose 420: sculpt with high-intensity color for each kit sold, estée lauder will donate 100 of the selling price to kode with klossy @kodewithklossy. the ‘lip kloss kit’ will launch exclusively on esteelauder.com on september 21st, 2020 and remain available while supplies last. our favorite day of the year is almost here! celebrate on 102 with a brow style masterclass hosted by brow expert @jrobertbailey! get ready for: brow lessons special giveaways exclusive discount october 2, 2020 at 1pm pst head to the link in our bio to sign up! standout w our morphe fave now 50 off for a limited time on morphe.com select morphe stores! @bloombyterry illusion makeup that makes you look twice this moment of @ashlevi from the campaign test shoot has us doing a double take illusion makeup by the insanely talented @mimles rich, creamy, long-wearing, indulgent color. glide on this cool-toned red for a holiday pout that pops. shop in oh miley! on marcjacobsbeauty.com. we're always looking to expand our liquid glitter eyeshadow shades and want to hear from you! which shades should we launch next? evil queens, it's now your time to slay try the look and tap into your dark side...photographer and mua credit: @jordanliberty; model: @eugenawashington; hair @louisemooninc find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @pradaolic said hydrated lips only w @frankbod's multi-purpose balm bonus points you can use the lip balm on cuticles, brows, and dry patches⁣ shop on morphe.com select stores! why choose? @daniellestein can never pick between her lip colours, so she creates an easy ombre to wear both at once. try her combo tulip tangy for yourself. the 10 bright new shades of ultimate lipstick love are perfect to layer, blend, and let your creativity soar. want to recreate mimi choi's iconic broken beauty look? here's what you'll need: epic ink liner shout loud satin lipstick in 'cherry charm' ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' sweet cheeks creamy powder blush matte in 'day dream' @mimles pair your favorite fall lippie with our lip injection extreme maximum plump to give your pout that extra boost! which lip gloss is your fave? gloss go benefits of our new glides on smooth⁣ comfortable wear⁣ glossy finish⁣ behind the illusion: broken beauty @ashlevi @mimles what colors are you wearing for fall? @juicyjasofficial wears a full face of e.l.f. to the match vibes of the season -bite size eyeshadow in truffles -jelly pop primer -bite size face duo in white peach hydrating camo concealer in shade medium peach -halo glow setting powder in light sheer slick lipstick in golden pear -cream eyeliner in black -total face sponge -stay all night setting spray tap to shop the products she used to complete this look she can't be tamed who's ready to get savage with these color schemes allll october?! what look are you most excited to start rocking? our brow crush @iamalexxkyler combines goof proof eyebrow pencil 4.5 neutral deep brown with 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel to build his a 3-pronged approach to perfecting brows apply to clean, dry brows add for extra texture fluff clean up the edges with cakeless concealer our pro tip brow liner enables an even application of paint on your eyebrows. choose from our 3 different shades. pro tip brow liner n°34 blonde tip⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pro tip brow liner n°15 brown tip⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pro tip brow liner n°12 ebony tip⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wear it your colourway! did you see that we shrunk the popular forever flawless palettes, to offer you 8 convenient mini eyeshadow palettes the revolution forever flawless dynamic palettes come in 8 different colour stories forever flawless dynamic serenity⁣⁣ forever flawless dynamic everlasting⁣⁣ forever flawless dynamic ambient⁣⁣ forever flawless dynamic mesmerized⁣⁣ forever flawless dynamic eternal⁣⁣ forever flawless dynamic ebony⁣⁣ forever flawless dynamic dynasty⁣⁣ forever flawless dynamic tranquil⁣⁣ cruelty free⁣⁣ vegan⁣ bish stole my look and did it better @chihiro19940507 the must-have for any makeup bag a kohl eyeliner! we have 7 shades available in this highly pigmented kohl liner features a smooth and creamy formula to allow for easy application. simply guide across the lash line for a smoky liner effect cruelty free⁣⁣ vegan @monakattan's lashes after using only one coat of the volume side a little goes such a long way with summer is never far away transport yourself to a sunny destination with a spritz of eau fraiche skinscent and a swipe of the matte glow bronzing trio. be a all year round! our favorite eyeshadow palette every day, but especially today. hope you're celebrating with an xl latte and the gen nude eyeshadow palette in latte. the shade duo that everyone is talking about: refract, a sky blue primer with a rainbow shimmer topper. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow features a twinkling topper of kaleidoscopic pearls that can be worn alone to add sparkle to the lid or over the pigmented primer for a colour-shifting chrome finish. siren alert @shantaniabeckford is killing it in these beautifully bright shadows trend alert: the copper smokies for the trends, @thevalgarland brought this fierce statement look to life by blending metallic and burnished bronze shades to achieve the ultimate sun-kissed effect. it's perfect for any occassion and can be worn with countless fashion looks. @parisfashionweek congrats to our winners @campanervalentina.mua and @makeupbysilvia calling all of our italian fans! did you know you can shop your e.l.f. faves in italy?! @douglasitalia and elfcosmetics.comeu we’ve partnered with our italian retailer @douglasitalia to give our followers a bellisimo prize pack two lucky winners will receive a mega “best of e.l.f.” box! how to enter: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @douglasitalia [2] like this post [3] tag friends below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! 2 winners will be chosen and dm’d. giveaway ends tomorrow at 9am pst! giveaway open internationally thank your skin for the perfect canvas that it is! our nourishes skin with ingredients like leaf extract and extract to keep it happy while also prepping it for makeup products find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com it's tell us your go-to coffee order below @miriammelonn for skin so naturally radiant they'll think you were born this way. drop a below if our born this way collection is your secret to complexion perfection! stock up @sephora. looking for a go-to mascara? the mascara revolution ticks all the boxes the hourglass shaped brush hugs the lash to create a natural curl while the highly pigmented formula adds amazing volume and length that won’t flake or smudge the rich consistency dries down to leave you with fanned out, defined lashes we are giving away a $20 @walmart gift card every day this month to celebrate our new expanded assortment in-stores! enter for a chance to win in our stories and check out our store locator at wetnwildbeauty.com to see if your local walmart now features more wet n wild! must be 18 years-old and live in the united states to enter. this look by @itslaurasglam is giving us life and, yeah, we're pretty proud she chose to use our dewy foundation... get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com feelin' batty pro artist @xoivettea slays this spooky graphic liner using our that's the point eyeliner in 'hella fine' stripped off micellar water flat detailed brush can you see the difference between the left and the right side? our eyeshadow base makes your eyeshadow highly long-lasting, more intense and brilliant! left eye: without eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ right eye: with eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ warning: you’re about to witness an explosion of volume warning: you’re about to witness an explosion of volume get ready to enter the backstage of the dior spring summer 2021 show! beautiful @heconghc wearing the makeup look of the show! stay tuned for more! quick makeup from @lieskabeauty using some of revolution's most popular every day makeup products including our famous banana powder and mascara revolution @revolutionskincare 2 hyaluronic acid⁣ conceal define infinite setting spray⁣ conceal define infinite longwear concealer⁣ luxury baking powder in banana⁣ super flick eyeliner⁣ the mascara revolution⁣ satin kiss lipstick in ruby what's this, what's this? the nightmare before christmas revolution collection launches tomorrow keep your eye on our instagram to find out when it is live! swipe to see the products update launching 7pm bst 30.09 limited edition! nightmare before christmas revolution jack sally palettes £15€16.99$22⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution brush set £20€21.99$24⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution highlighters 2 shades £8€9.99$10⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution lip gloss 4 shades £5€6.99$8 nightmare before christmas revolution cosmetics bag 2 variants £8€9.99$14⁣ available exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com @ulta just because summer's over doesn't mean you can't shine add a hit of sparkle to your face, body and hair in our face body gel, pictured here in shade don't lilac to me congrats to our winners @heymiss.ambrosia and @caeyleeramos it's grab your @dunkin coffee and let's play a gamecan you spot the 4 emojis in our cream and sugar bite size eyeshadow palette?! let us know below and we’ll choose two lucky people to try the palette @elfingamazing this luxurious at-home ritual will treat the 6 dimensions of hair and scalp ageing over time. get rid of dryness, tenderness, and a slack scalp and experience a youthful feeling by treating dull, brittle lengths with a touch of luxury. find your routine to defy time at the kérastase salon closest to you: hair-salons.kerastase.com discover the next evolution of andy warhol loved our original beautiful and 35 years later, we’re excited to share the beautiful absolu eau de parfum that’s certain to be your new favorite fragrance too stay tuned for more! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation have you tried our new @mariale amor caliente eye shadow and cheek palette yet?! swipe to see all the spicy shades and comment your fave below! now available @sephora online! big reveal tomorrow 9.30 discover the look of the dior spring summer 2021 show! @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup created a look in which the eyes prevail, frame with black eyeliner that contrasts with a natural and luminous complexion! dior backstage face body primer dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct 5 couleurs couture 649 nude dress diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow dior lip sugar scrub dior lip maximizer 001 pink dior vernis 108 muguet mask-proof your halloween look with the help of america's setting spray now available in a new jumbo size one of the hottest trends is the 'copper smokies’ look, which features a blend of copper tans and metallic shades to achieve a tonal harmony. we're delighted to have the perfect duo, global makeup director @thevalgarland and fashion wavemaker @cindybruna replicate this fiery look. @parisfashionweek shimmer all day and night! our makeup extraordinaire @thevalgarland added her own signature touch to this trend. what we love about it the most, is that it harmonizes with all skin tones and aims to bring the eyes out in a subtle but impactful way. products used: face: infallible 24h freshwear foundation true match eye cream in a concealer true match pressed powder foundation life’s a peach blush powder eyes: skinny definer precision retractable brow pencil color queen eyeshadow: charged and commander air volume mega mascara le liner signature retractable eyeliner lips: brilliant signature 303 be unafraid @parisfashionweek cherry-inspired shades. cherry cola or maraschino—which is your go-to hue? artistry by @morganemartini using our limited-edition collection on @madamealexandra and @justjenaye. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. everything’s coming up roses a rosier outlook is coming to a city near you! visit one of our art installations irl find the location closest to you at the link in our bio! experience our new instagram filter by tapping the ‘filters’ section in our profile! completely mesmerized by this intricate, illusion makeup on @rosymcmichael by the insanely talented @mimles this behind the scenes video was taken as soon as rosy wrapped on set! @naezrahlooks is the slayer we need as the weather cools down, we know you’re not leaving home without a lip balm. hydra-light plumping lip balm is infused with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture to keep lips hydrated and looking smooth. mondays are rough, grab a latte shop @dominiquecosmetics on morphe.com select stores. treat yourself to tempting beauty treats, all decked out in cheeky cherries. which one are you craving? available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. want to recreate mimi choi's intricate la catrina look? here's what you'll need: sfx face body paint in 'primary' neon jumbo eye pencil in 'black bean' epic wear liquid liner in ''white' epic wear liner sticks in 'pink spirit' epic ink liner @mimles an icon. a true original @thefashionfreakk wears for that unmistakable rose-stained lip @bertasbeauty created the hazelnut frapuccino of our dreams when you get a new bae and you wanna show him off. @elleisalwayshere plumps her pout using our lip injection maximum plump! aren't anniversaries the best? we teamed up with @birchbox to celebrate 10 years of their beauty subscription and 25 years of original foundation. our iconic 5-ingredient foundation also happens to be featured in their september box. plus, we're offering and birchbox subscribers 15 off their next clean beauty purchase with code barebirch15 at bareminerals.com get free shipping on all orders shop all our new arrivals including our 50 mg cbd eye cream which is formulated with skin-loving ingredients hyaluronic acid and peptide complex with a cooling, creamy, and quick absorbing texture. available on elfcosmetics.com it wouldn't be with a little perk me up from @frankbod. which coffee scrub will you choose? original coffee scrub this og coffee scrub is natural, vegan, and ready to work its magic on breakouts, scars, cellulite, and stretch marks. the blend of coffee, vitamin e, and antioxidant-rich oils keep your skin looking perky, even, and soft. coconut coffee scrub⁣ this natural, vegan body scrub is here to give you vacation-glowy skin all year round. with a blend of coffee and essential oils, it works magic on stretch marks, scars, and dry skin to leave you as free as a palm tree.⁣ shop on morphe.com morphe stores! @summertimeglows behind the illusion: la catrina @rosymcmichael @mimles your voice matters slay your look and make your vote count with our exclusive bh x rock the vote lip set: lipstick liner plus a co-branded bandana that doubles as a mask or your new fave fashion statement between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed products” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org. class is in session we still have spots open in our free brow masterclass hosted by global brow expert @jrobertbailey! sign up at the link in our bio get ready for: brow lessons special giveaways exclusive discount october 2, 2020 at 1pm pst new in! we have extended our @revolutionskincare niacinamide mattifying range available now at revolutionbeauty.com niacinamide is a form of vitamin b3, when applied to the skin it can minimise blemishes, pores, fine lines and boost moisture retention as well as help with that maskne effect! all cruelty-free, fragrance-free and vegan niacinamide mattifying gel cleanser- this niacinamide infused cleanser is a hero for all skin types niacinamide leaves skin feeling more even and balanced, whilst kaolin and rice starch help to absorb excess oil and dirt, leaving the skin feeling smooth and cleansed £8€9.99$12⁣ niacinamide mattifying moisture cream- hydrate skin and minimise pores with this niacinamide infused moisturiser niacinamide is a hard-working all-rounder famed for helping to smooth and even skin tone, balance sebum production, reduce redness and help moisturise skin with kaolin and rice starch to help absorb excess oil throughout the day, without feeling chalky or leaving a cast and betaine to help lock moisture into the skin without feeling oily or greasy £10€11.99$14⁣ niacinamide mattifying primer drops- create a smooth and matte base for makeup with niacinamide infused primer drops the perfect primer for easy makeup application £8€9.99$12⁣ niacinamide mattifying essence spray- mattify and refresh skin on the go with this niacinamide infused essence spray that's ideal for all skin types £6€7.99$9⁣ mattifying blotting papers- great for absorbing excess shine on the go without disturbing makeup, these blotting papers are the perfect pocket or handbag sized essentials the cute compact dispenses and tears off the perfect amount for you to gently blot the face £4€5.99$7 i wanted to focus on the eyes and emphasise them powerfully by framing them with very dense, matte black liner. said @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, about the makeup look of the dior spring summer 2021 show! dior backstage face body primer dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct 5 couleurs couture 649 nude dress diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow dior lip sugar scrub dior lip maximizer 001 pink dior vernis 108 muguet a week of shine! with on-trend shades, our and high-shine lip stains have become a makeup must-have at paris fashion week! they're simply the best way to get parisian chic, they offer an unapologetically bold color with enviable shine and a super-lightweight finish. @parisfashionweek sand haze eyes inspo from these lovelies!!!which glam would you love to recreate? 1,2, 3 or all? @ownurlook @coffeeandmakeup @natwelbeauty our new @revolutionskincare blotting papers are super handy keep them in your handbag or your pocket so you can easily blot away excess shine on the go just tear off the appropriate amount and gently pat onto face as needed £4€5.99$7 at revolutionbeauty.com so beautiful!! check her out my loves!! @khelan.mh wearing mascara which look is your fav? 1,2,or 3? one of our best selling @revolutionskincare products! the blemish and pore refining serum is a hero for oily, congested and blemish-prone skin using two skin-friendly ingredients, niacinamide and zinc, this lightweight and gentle serum helps to tackle blemishes and minimise the appearance of large pores cruelty-free and vegan so excited to be joining forces with @tovelo to co-create e.l.f.’s next big music-inspired beauty collection as part of the along with three beautyscape winners and we are asking for your help to pick them! head to our before 101 to vote for your favorite semi-finalists who will have the chance to collab with @umgbgram artists @tovelo @tianamajor9 @pitizion and @girlsinc! don't hide from niacinamide! a form of vitamin b3, when applied to the skin it can minimise blemishes, pores, fine lines and boost moisture retention it can also help build keratin that keeps skin firm and healthy shop our full niacinamide range, including our new additions, at revolutionbeauty.com the ‘graphic tick' has got to be one of the coolest beauty trends in this time around @thevalgarland is joining forces with top model @soojmooj to help you achieve a strong graphical shape using a wide range of vivid colors, so it's bound to be fun! products used: face: infallible 24h freshwear foundation true match eye cream in a concealer true match pressed powder foundation life’s a peach blush powder eyes: skinny definer precision retractable brow pencil color queen eye shadow: charged and commander air volume mega mascara matte signature liquid eye liner le liner signature retractable eyeliner lips: color riche reno: 107 seine sunset231 sepia116 charme dore @parisfashionweek wow!! how real does this look? @mimles repost @wakeupandmakeup have you already tried our gel twist brow liner? the silky, long-lasting eyebrow pencil ensures expressive and full brows and completes your every-day makeup look! gel twist brow liner n°7 blonde⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, describes a luminous and natural complexion that requires perfectly prepped and hydrated skin with the capture totale routine. then i applied the dior backstage foundation routine. lastly, i used dior forever skin correct for subtle touch-ups. capture totale c.e.l.l energy super potent serum capture totale c.e.l.l energy firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior backstage face body primer dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct every bombshell knows how to perfect their pout @deysidanger is all fired up in a touch of our just dropped glitter blood a red lip what will you find inside every beautiful jar of ultimate lift regenerating youth face creme or eye creme? exquisite himalayan gentian extract to help transform the look of skin so you feel extraordinarily beautiful. tap to shop now. announcing @daisymarquez making a big statement as the face of our brand new make it big mascara giving you large and in charge lashes that won’t flake out w our new long-wearing mua @lipsticknick $12 £12 €13 cad $16 aud $17 launches: 10.6 morphe.com stores 10.8 @theofficialselfridges 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin 10.22 @sephoramx 10.27 @meccamaxima @sephoracanada coming soon @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021 introducing our first ever make it big mascara goes big on volume for large and in charge lashes that won’t flake out. $12 £12 €13 cad $16 aud $17 launches: 10.6 morphe.com stores 10.8 @theofficialselfridges 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin 10.22 @sephoramx 10.27 @meccamaxima @sephoracanada coming soon @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021 servin' up some peach perfection! complete your look with the 12 matte shades of warm peaches, buttery creams, and rich browns in our just peachy mattes eye shadow palette. go from day to night with a new take on neutrals, then satisfy your craving for everything extra this season with bold cherry pops. @madamealexandra wears the new eye-conic multi-finish eye palette in cherrific. artistry by @morganemartini. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. congrats to our winners @itgirlti and @sierrahawaii we are giving away a little e.l.f. love to brighten your week.two lucky babes will receive a $200 e.l.f. gift card! how to enter: [1] follow @elfcosmetics [2] tag friends below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends october 1st at 9:30am pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. glam goals @makeupjackyluvv fills in her brows using our new in shade deep brown! want to recreate mimi choi's beautifully, creepy prima ballerina look? here's what you'll need: sweet cheeks powder blush matte in 'summer breeze' sfx face body paint in 'primary' epic ink liner epic wear liquid liner in 'white' ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' soft matte lip cream in 'san francisco' butter gloss in 'vanilla cream pie' @mimles make. it. big. ft. @daisymarquez as the face of our brand new $12 £12 €13 cad $16 aud $17 launches: 10.6 morphe.com stores 10.8 @theofficialselfridges 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin 10.22 @sephoramx 10.27 @meccamaxima @sephoracanada coming soon @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021 everybody scream⁣ the revolution nightmare before christmas collection is now live! limited edition, don't miss out!⁣ nightmare before christmas jack sally palettes £15€16.99$22⁣⁣ nightmare before christmas highlighters 2 shades £8€9.99$10⁣⁣ nightmare before christmas lip gloss 4 shades £5€6.99$8⁣ nightmare before christmas cosmetics bag 2 variants £8€9.99$14⁣⁣ nightmare before christmas brush set £20€21.99$24⁣ coming soon⁣ available exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com @ultabeauty warning: one hot deal ahead get four full-size mascaras plus a makeup bag for just $48.90 a $119.99 value! today only, shop this exclusive set at @hsn! a full face of glowing clean beauty has never been easier. @tiffbytiffany of our community is using the @sephora exclusive kit with complexion rescue tinted moisturizer, endless summer bronzer and bounce blur blush. shop the set now things we refuse to leave the house without:⁣ a bold lip⁣ amazing lashes⁣ flawless complexion⁣ which too faced product is your everyday essential? comment below! stock up @sephora about to shatter a lil from @mimles' makeup station of @zoealexondra right before she hit the stage make it pop! the time has come to trade your winged liner for this striking hi-line “graphic tick” look. the secret behind this beauty trend is to blend a range of bold, vibrant colors of your choice to achieve this graphical shape. @parisfashionweek we can live like jack and sally if we want⁣ meet our revolution nightmare before christmas double sided eyeshadow palettes! the nightmare before christmas jack palette is a pumpkin king’s dream on one side you can experiment with a variety of green, blue, purple and smokey shades inspired by jack and the film and on the other side, you will find a wide selection of wearable warm shades⁣ the nightmare before christmas sally palette is a rag doll full of dreams on one side you can play with orange, pinks and brown hues inspired by jack skellington's sweetheart and the film and on the other side, you will find a wide selection of neutral, purple and pink hues⁣ nightmare before christmas jack sally palettes £15€16.99$22⁣⁣ available exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com @ultabeauty it's simply meant to be⁣ the nightmare before christmas highlighters will leave you with a moon-lit glow the misfit love is a gold and bronze highlighter suitable for warm undertones. moonlight, mischief madness is a peachy pink highlighter with a pearlescent hue to flatter cool undertones. both shades are embossed a the pumpkin swipe for swatches⁣ nightmare before christmas highlighters 2 shades £8€9.99$10⁣⁣ available exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com @ultabeauty @jerrodblandino who’s in the mood for a christmas giveaway?! win my brand new and totally fab christmas snuggles melted kisses liquid lipstick setall you have to do to get mistletoe-ready is make sure you’re following @jerrodblandino and tag a friend below! i’ll announce one lucky winner friday morning! good luck! discover the must-have products of the dior spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear show! to draw the attention on the eyes, i used the 5 couleurs couture palette 649 nude dress palette to subtly shade the upper eyelid. then, to create a strong graphic look, i traced an emphatic line of eyeliner along the upper and lower lash lines, using diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black. finally, i reinforced the look by coating the lashes in diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black mascara. 5 couleurs couture 649 nude dress diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black weird is a side effect of awesome⁣ the nightmare before christmas lip toppers are collectible character inspired lip glosses, available in 4 shades swipe to see them all⁣ pumpkin king jack a pearlescent champagne⁣ scream queen sally pretty pink with gold flecks⁣ oogie boogie legendary boogeyman metallic bronze gold⁣ zero the pet ghost dog crystal clear⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution lip gloss 4 shades £5€6.99$8⁣ available exclusively at revolutionbeauty.com @ultabeauty spookily fast you sold us out in less than 2 hours thank you so very much! there are a few bits left and you can find it online at @ultabeauty and in stores from 4th october in the usa do you want us to restock this collection again? we will, if you want it! tell us comment below with a and let's see how much you all want it back!⁣ what spooky costumes could you make with these colors? get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @halfagemini is serving major fall vibes with a pop of peachy cheeks in our bellini blush btw bellini's flyinggg out of @ultabeauty very soon so snag her while you can! coming soon: your new favorite for the first time ever, we’ve collaborated with the to celebrate the 35th anniversary of our iconic fragrance, beautiful. our founder estée lauder and artist andy warhol were both lovers of flowers, so we decided to create this take on their beloved fragrance, beautiful, to create new beautiful absolu. stay tuned for more! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation we're celebrating @maddieziegler's 18th birthday with a gift for you the palette for only $18 on morphe.com morphe stores today through 101! @beauty.by.taiba a difference you can’t deny. instantly brighten the under eye area with one of our best-sellers, under eye brightening corrector. happy birthday to our @maddieziegler and these dreamy blues from her collection! mua: @thetonyabrewer behind the illusion: prima ballerina @zoealexondra @mimles you want it, you got it mix together your perfect shade using our new sfx face and body paint available for a limited time at nyxcosmetics.com rich, creamy, decadent color. add a pop of maraschino-red lipstick to your holiday look. shop the edition of in oh miley! on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. the energy in this photo is what we needed today @glamxbrit uses our poreless putty primer to create a flawless base for this e.l.f.ing amazing look. tap to shop! t-minus 1 day until october! @danao.mu slays this festive using our white liquid liner you heard the news about our new make it big mascara launching on 10.6 but we had to make sure you get the perfect start with the new big prime lash primer. the unique blue shade preps your lashes to amplify the effects and color intensity of your fav mascara! 10.6 morphe.com stores $10 @pearlish is always looking cute in quarantine. here, they're wearing light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in golden hour a caramel brown primer with a golden shimmer topper. stitched @cakefacerj has us seeing double with this insane illusion makeup she uses our epic wear liquid liner in brown, black, and white to get the look classic wing and a bold red lip. in oh miley! adds the perfect cool-toned red pop this holiday season. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. artistry by @morganemartini model: @justjenaye classic wing and a bold red lip. in oh miley! adds the perfect cool-toned red pop this holiday season. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. artistry by @morganemartini model: @justjenaye @beatsbydeb’s instagram name says it all she uses our to build her brows! drop a in the comments if your brows wanna get up close personal with brow microfilling pen! before after: how about some natural brows in a few steps? comment below how you like the finish. used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lash brush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°18 cinder brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow brush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the halloween countdown is on whether you are going out, or staying in we have lots of products to share with you to create all those amazing looks, even if they are just for the 'gram! the new rituel d’exception régénérant in salon protocol is a revitalizing ritual that restore hair and scalp to their optimal state. each treatment begins by taking a close look at the hair’s condition, as well as listening to the woman’s specific concerns, so the hairdresser can determine the correct course of action. after the diagnosis, the hairdresser can recommend the 20min ritual for an instant anti-ageing effect or the the full salon ritual of 30 min, for a total relaxation and revitalization of hair scalp. chronologiste work like a miraculous elixir to purify and regenerate devitalized hair. the scalp moisturized and softened; the hair unifies, strengthens and softens. watch as kérastase top parisian hairdresser @hovigetoyanparis performs the full chronologiste ritual. book your appointment now at the nearest salon to you at https:hair-salons.kerastase.com here at revolution we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born. 2020 will go down in history as a very memorable year for society around the world, especially in regards to the black lives matter movement. we saw the biggest civil rights movement in history during a global pandemic. in response to this we saw countless brands being reactive and pledging to commit their time and resources towards contributing to a better future for black people. black history month isn’t the end of this commitment for us but, we hope, a very strong beginning. we're so excited to announce that we've collaborated with @editorialblk to kickstart bhm 2020!! we’ll be showcasing 6 uk based black beauty content creators over the next week to showcase amplify their platforms and skills! make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! the focus of the look of the dior spring-summer ready-to-wear show was on the eyes: a balanced line of diorshow 24h stylo, neither thin or thick, but it frames the eyes said @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. and a final touch with the new diorshow iconic overcurl on the lashes! diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black create the ultimate warm, smokey sultry look this spooky season with the new forever flawless eyeshadow palette in midnight rose this 18 pan palette offers an array of warm brown and red tones with a mixture of foil, matte and shimmer shadow formulations plus, spot the gorgeous rose print in the matte shades to really add depth to your looks available now £12€11.99$15 we’re so happy to announce that becca cosmetics is now available in india exclusively on @mynykaa! indulge your lips with one saturated swipe of buttery, vibrant, maraschino-red color. subtle vanilla scent and taste mimic a delicious dessert. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. create the ultimate smokey sultry look this spooky season with the new revolution forever flawless eyeshadow palette in enchanted ⁣the perfect addition to complete your halloween makeup collection this 18 pan palette offers an array of transition and cool tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadow formulations. plus, spot the spooky skull print in the matte shades to really add depth to your looks available now £12€11.99$15⁣ october is breast cancer awareness month, and we’re dedicated to finding a cure for breast cancer once and for all with the estée lauder companies’ breast cancer campaign founded in 1992 by evelyn h. lauder, the breast cancer campaign aims create a breast cancer-free world by supporting global research, education and medical services. learn more at the link in our bio. for every public, in-feed instagram or facebook post during the month of october featuring both and together, @esteelaudercompanies will donate $25 to @bcrfcure up to $100,000. when we say...all access we mean it! this our beloved spoke and supermodel @cindybruna is going backstage to uncover what goes on behind-the-scenes at the top runway shows in the french capital. first up, let's take a look at @yprojectofficial collection designed by @glennmartens. the bright colors and bold silhouettes, represent his vision of individualism and joy. makeup artist, @carolecolombani accentuates this collection with her girlish tones and glossy lips, 90’s brits style! models: @zoejuillet @margomillien @parisfashionweek bottomless @safai305 wears our lightweight, long-wearing melted matte lipstick. spooky season is here get the glitter eyeshadow of your dreams for your halloween looks. we love our gel-based liquid glitter formula for its long-lasting and quick-drying shimmer with minimal fall out. tap to shop for it’s get your glow on with our limited-edition and pink ribbon bracelet and join the fight for a breast cancer-free world. tap to shop, and visit the link in our bio to learn more about @esteelaudercompanies breast cancer campaign. yes makeup yes hair yes @kreepyyy last day to grab the palette for only $18 originally $25 on morphe.com select morphe stores! sinfully sparkly get a hit of killer gemstone shimmer with our just dropped @getstonned gem set a custom matte black applicator plus over 75 stones in four varieties: potion: large fuschia stones with brooding black shadows blood red: small crimson stones cauldron: small true black stones witch-y: medium stones with a tempting mix of teal, blue, purple and gold reflects these bbs are limited edition so get 'em quick! few minutes before entering the catwalk discover the makeup look of the dior spring-summer ready-to-wear 2021 show! dior backstage face body primer dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct 5 couleurs couture 649 nude dress diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow dior lip sugar scrub dior lip maximizer 001 pink dior vernis 108 muguet look, brows are the new lashes! it doesn't need to take many complicated steps to create an eye-opener! used product:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ultra fine brow liner n°12 deep brunette⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ whether at home or out, create your halloween looks this year with our new sfx range sfx blood spray for easy application on clothing face and surfaces, or to create a scattered blood effect.⁣⁣ sfx soft wax putty which can be used to build up and create scars face features⁣⁣ both £5€5.99$7⁣⁣ and coming back from the dead as you love it so much last year:⁣⁣ halloween ultimate face paint palette, with 12 colours, there’s every shade you’ll need to create spooky looks £6€6.99$9⁣⁣ available now tag us in your looks! meet your halloween holy grail our sfx face and body paint is packin' the pigment! these 6 blendable, buildable creams set to a dry, long-wearing finish and include key primary shades to create every color imaginable available for a limited time at nyxcosmetics.com it’s official: @playa haircare is here this luxurious, must-have haircare brand has arrived at morphe. introducing these naturally-derived, beautifully clean formulas to treat your hair and celebrate every day shampoo supernatural conditioner⁣ california salt shampoo⁣ monoi milk leave-in conditioner⁣ pure dry shampoo spray⁣ endless summer spray⁣ ritual oil⁣ now available on morphe.com only! embracing uniqueness and joyous vibes is what the y-project's collection is all about! @carolecolombani’s beauty look echoes a girlish allure that completes @glennmartens vision. we absolutely love it! @parisfashionweek these brows will be living rent-free in our heads from now on @mizglamgirl shaped her brows with ka-brow! eyebrow cream-gel color 4.5 medium sculpted with 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! all treats, no tricks! embrace the fall season with the 18 deliciously scented shades in our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette. remember this from last year available again this year! the halloween creep it covered get the look box! this as your spooky starter kit to halloween we're melting over @mimles' artistry she uses our shout loud satin lipstick to complete the illusion double tap if this eye wing on singersongwriter @madisonbeer is everything mua: @lipsticknick bow down, lovers! rule the night with this look. mua and photographer credit: @jordanliberty; model: @eugenawashington; hair @louisemooninc products used: multistick blue purple 10 pan shadow palette boogie nights false eyelashes mysterious mascara cobalt blue face gem mask evil goddess megaglo highlighting powder howlywood mega last lip color eerie onyx find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com noticed changes to your scalp hair over time? the new range combines advanced technology with extreme luxury to restore revitalize youthful dimensions to your scalp, roots, lengths and ends! discover this range at www.kerastase.com create scars, wounds and face features with our new sfx soft wax putty combined with the new sfx fake blood spray @bykatieeve shows us her finished look using these products 31 days to halloween tag us in your looks using revolution! to my bday last year! can’’t believe it’s already my bday again i’m turning 37 tomorrow! make sure you check out my bday giveaway post to win some gorgeous lv merch my bday bundle available for a limited time are you more of a warm toned or cool toned lover? @sayehsmakeup is warming up our day with this gorgeous fall glam using our opposites attract eyeshadow palette tap to shop! chanel believes in expression through colour. since 2018, chanel beauty has been working on a project which explores the interpretation of different shades of colour. this interview series captures the unique personalities and perspectives of friends of the house. we are pleased to share with you this first episode starring the fervent @teddyquinlivan. it’s more than a ribbon it unites us shop our limited-edition pink perfection lip kit featuring two lipsticks and our pure color envy replenishing lip balm, and help fund life-saving research with @bcrfcure. to learn more about how you can contribute click the link in bio. for every public, in-feed instagram or facebook post during the month of october featuring both and together, @esteelaudercompanies will donate $25 to @bcrfcure up to $100,000. maraschino monochrome from lids-to-lips. @justjenaye wears the eye-conic palette in cherrific, velvet noir, and le marc in oh miley! topped off with coconut lip oil. artistry by @morganemartini. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. just a lil spooky... but a whole lot of sexy @themegscahill herself is slaying us dead in her new @getstonned gem set get yours in time for only on our site we simply can't get enough of this ultra girly makeup look topped with a glossy plump lip and we know you can't too! it exudes originality and joy, which perfectly completes the @yprojectofficial collection. now it's your turn to replicate this look... products used: revitalift 1,5 pure hyaluronic acid true match liquid foundation 1.5n ivory true match eye cream in a concealer 1-2r rose porcelain paradise mascara extatic brilliant signature lipstick 305 be captivating @parisfashionweek the mini cart is back what product is on your shopping list!? @gabrielle.shoots @lipsticknick exfoliates conditions w our new to add the perfect nourishing wash of color from nothing to pout about here! right now, get 50 off our lip balm and all lip products with code: pucker find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com meet our global brand ambassador. @kaushal namelocation, what do you do? kaushal sheher, i'm a content creator from the uk. what's the first becca product you fell in love with? the pressed highlighters, specifically the shades opal and champagne pop. i just feel like i'm glowing from within and just emanating light whenever i wear them. what's your favorite recent becca launch? it has to be the ignite liquified light highlighter in the shade creativity! i literally haven't been able to stop wearing this. i'm wearing it right now and it just makes me feel so happy! what's your favorite thing about wearing makeup? that there are no rules. i feel like i am happy wearing a full face of glam makeup as well as very natural, and i just love breaking rules. i can really experiment and there's no right or wrong. when do you feel the most like yourself? i feel the most like myself when i'm content, whether it's with makeup or without. as long as i'm happy on the inside, i'm happy on the outside, and makeup is kind of like the icing on the cake. how do you i like to own my light by sharing it with others. selfless giving can make us shine even brighter than we already do! can we stay up in the clouds with you @rubygraham.mua? inspired by @ninanikcevic shiny, sweet and saturated. satisfy your craving for everything extra this season with cherry-red lips. shop the edition of in oh miley! on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. @mimles has us looking twice at @jvongphoumy's stiched up slay this creepy shot was taken seconds after joanna wrapped on set this season it’s all about the eyes! we’re serving you all the soft sexy fall vibes with our go-to look using our born this way eye shadow palette and better than sex mascara! stock up @sephora. spritz a little facial oil mist throughout the day for an instant mood boost and refresh e.l.f. hack: keep them in the fridge to make facial oil mists ultra refreshing tap to shop for $5 behind the illusion: dark magic @jvongphoumy @mimles giveaway closed⁣⁣⠀ congrats to these 5 winners: @jessicafromthebronx @itsresamua @lifeinpicturetwt @itstanip @selesterome 5 of you will have a chance to win the entire drop dead gorgeous collection the new bh x @getstonned gem set simply tag 3 of your halloween-obsessed friends in the comments below contest closes on thursday oct 8th at 12pm pst. winners will be tagged in this post on friday oct 9th. good luck slayers! @lipsticknick swatches all 5 gloss shades that deliver a shimmering shine and a non-sticky, feel-good finish we could watch this mixing video all day ft. here is our new sfx face body palette in 'primary' sultry eyes and a cherry-red lip are the ultimate accessory. artistry by @morganemartini using eye-conic palette in cherrific, fineliner in blacquer and in oh miley! on @jenayenoah. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. they’re real, we pinky-swear! no falsies were used in the making of this video last call! we still have a few spots open in our free brow masterclass hosted by global brow expert @jrobertbailey! sign up at the link in our bio get ready for: brow lessons special giveaways exclusive discount october 2, 2020 at 1pm pst @violeudamar meet our perfect color lipstick dark raspberry n°926. comment below if you would like to try this shade.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ trick or treat yo’ self to the ultimate face paint palette this halloween. back for another year, by popular demand! limited edition for halloween!⁣ with 12 colours, there’s every shade you’ll need to creative spooky looks it’s time to be a bad witch! the powerful pigment in the cream hues will make them colours stand out. from black and white to red, yellow and blue –mix and match for a scarily good creation cruelty free and vegan. black history month uk 2020 spolight: @noelleplay noelle is a super talented beauty creator who can take you from soft glam to fine art in a blink head over to her platform to see colour, avant-garde editorial makeup at its finest this week we've collaborated with @editorialblk to kickstart bhm 2020!! we’ll be showcasing 6 uk based black beauty content creators over the next week to showcase amplify their platforms and skills! welcome back to another all access with our dazzling fashion wavemaker, @cindybruna! this time around, we're giving you an exclusive backstage peek at the @koche show! @christellekocher’s sporty street-couture collection expresses inclusivity and individuality, with an all parisian cast. every single piece, was created to be illuminated by the user to symbolize living souls in living bodies. @parisfashionweek revolution stretch it out mascara is the ultimate lengthening mascara featuring a unique combing brush, this product has been specially designed to add some serious length to each and every lash... even those you never knew you had follow @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup in the backstage of the dior spring-summer ready-to-wear 2021 show! discover the purifying and detoxifying pre-shampoo for a healthy scalp! the pré-cleanse régénérant intensely cleanse your hair and scalp while eliminating impurities to remove up to 96 of pollution particles. how to apply it: 1. apply to wet scalp and roots before shampooing. 2. massage. 3. rinse thoroughly. 4. proceed with bain régénérant find your at-home luxurious beauty routine by visiting the nearest salon at hair-salons.kerastase.com introducing new beautiful absolu eau de parfum our limited edition with its gorgeous exterior packaging designed in collaboration with the is a celebration of 35 years of the original beautiful perfume. capturing the exceptional scent of a freshly picked tuberose, new beautiful absolu arrives in a newly designed glass bottle and box perfect for gifting tap to shop our new take on beautiful now. the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation well, that escalated quickly. tag a skincare-obsessed friend below. obsessed is an understatement! take your routine up a notch with our better than sex eyeliner! @iheartsarahy is making us not so sad about saying goodbye to summer with this gorgeous fall look products featured: retro paradise eyeshadow palette, jelly pop dew primer and retro paradise lip liner tap to shop whether it’s buildable, light-reflecting colour from hydra-light plumping lip balm or instantly moisturizing, pure colour in one swipe from ultimate lipstick love we’ve got a range of colour to keep your lips soft through world smile day. “physicality is not dead, physicality is evolving, as it always has been, a never ending metamorphosis” @christellekocher individuality and inclusivity was undeniably at the core of the @koche show, the bold slicked back hair looks with a satine shine completed the sportswears inspired street couture collection. @parisfashionweek get to know the community. meet @shannonbruno favorite bare product: skinlongevity long life herb serum best beauty advice: be diligent about spf! it's the best investment for your skin in the long run. follow @shannonbruno for more content @eeerinr put a spin on halloween inspired by @teoxnagy did you notice the spooky skull print in the matte shades in the new forever flawless enchanted palette this palette is the perfect addition to complete your halloween makeup collection containing 18 shades offering an array of transition and cool tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadow formulations happy national brow day! come celebrate the most beauti-full day of the year at our free brow style masterclass with global brow expert @jrobertbailey, today at 1pm pdt! sign-up link in bio jared used eyebrow enhancer for this natural brow look! the answer can be just one product! our clear lash brow gel fixes your eyebrows instantly and provides the best protection for your eyelashes. have you tried it already? happy national brow day!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyes on. try this electric eye look with stylo ombre et contour in electric brown and les 4 ombres in elemental. step 1. using stylo ombre et contour in electric brown line heavily along the top and bottom lash lines, creating a point at the outer corners. after, smudge along the lines using the retractable dual-tip eyeshadow brush. step 2. with the same brush use the metallic bronze shade of les 4 ombres in elemental to shade just above the line created with the crayon. step 3. using the rose-gold shade from the same palette, shade above the bronze to create an ombré effect. step 4. layer the lightest matte mauve shade over the rose-gold starting at the inner corner of the eye for an added highlight effect. step 5. next, layer the darker mauve matte shade over the entire lid to blend the colours. step 6. finally, coat the top lashes only in inimitable intense mascara in brown. get the full look: stylo ombre et contour n°04 electric brown les 4 ombres n°352 elemental inimitable intense mascara n°20 brown @kangsjia happy @lazybonesbeauty has us feeling all the fall vibes with this she frames her look using our micro brow pencil in 'espresso' score 20 off on all our brow essentials today on nyxcosmetics.com the legendary scent of estée’s beautiful. the iconic colorful floral paintings of andy warhol. one new fragrance, beautiful absolu eau de parfum. tap to shop this parfum now! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation giveaway closed congrats: @ejramirez.xx @x0danielle23! thank you to everyone who participated! two lucky winners will win our farewell to summer goodies! what you'll win: morphe x @maddieziegler the imagination palette @madisonbeer channel surfing artistry palette⁣ 10g glsen up artistry palette 24m main event artistry palette how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: favorite part of summer? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 10520 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 10620. from bombshell to bitten this october, she turns into something even more tempting... she's out to bite you, and doesn't give a fck about what you think tune into our youtube channel to witness the full transformation @cutcreaser welcoming us into the spooky season like a true slytherin inspired by @thebrooksbrother @honeyshay ‘s flawless complexion is brought to you by our born this way matte foundation in shade warm sand! today is all about your brows! we want to help enhance those beautiful brows of yours with 50 off our brow styler pencil powder duo! this offer $17 is only available today at @sephora @ultabeauty @nordstrom @revolvebeauty @beautylish @urbanoutfitters @asos @hsn @qvc @saks blooomingdales, here on instagram at benefitcosmetics.com! @makeupbeautyma no is complete without snatched brows our pro arist @alexandriamariee slays this vampire look using: micro brow pencil can't stop won't stop concealer ultimate shadow palette in 'phoenix' epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' epic ink liner shout loud satin lipstick snag our brow must-haves for 20 off at nyxcosmetics.com. today only! for the dior spring-summer ready-to-wear 2021 show, lips looked very natural. they were smoothed with lip sugar scrub then hydrated and heightened using dior lip maximizer 001 pink, with the shine blotted. dior lip sugar 001 pink dior lip maximizer 001 pink dior vernis 108 muguet we love this look by @tiarraoliviaa she has named circus show as part of her 31 days of halloween looks! using our birds of paradise forever flawless palette and our splendour bronzer in shade ultra deep a captivating representation of individuality, life and movement. this rock 'n’ roll slicked back hairstyle, has got @koche written all over it! it's the embodiment of cool and chic. replicate this look with products used: elvive dream length long hair frizz killer serum extraordinary oil elnett normal hold shine hairspray elvive dream length no haircut cream @parisfashionweek this purifying and detoxifying pre-wash black gel shampoo promotes a healthy scalp with its advanced formula enriched with abyssine, hyaluronic acid, vitamin e and charcoal. experience the benefits of this luxurious black gel pre-wash shampoo 1. deeply cleanses scalp and roots 2. removes dead skin cells and flaky skin 3. unclogs scalp pores by removing pollution particles 4. tones the scalp, leaving it feeling tighter dare to with e.l.f. brushes to the rescue our brushes are cruelty-free, vegan and ready to flawlessly apply your makeup which e.l.f. brush is your most used? tap to shop closed it's and we're treating 5 lucky beauties to our brow must-haves here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on october 2, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on october 3, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. bold and beautiful. to celebrate the 35th anniversary of our iconic beautiful, we’ve collaborated with the to launch new beautiful absolu eau de parfum. our limited edition beautiful absolu is a collaboration of timeless scent and modern style. tap our link in bio to learn more! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation don't you want to be chillin' in chicago?! last chance to get your hands on this luxe eye brush set palette @ultabeauty before it's gone tomorrow bold cherry pops and velvety-rich pigment come together in one decadent palette. dress your eyes with our new, limited-edition eye-conic multi-finish eye palette in cherrific. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com and @sephora. coming soon to @harveynichols. brows lashes lips enhance your gorgeous features with this cult-fave collection of safe and effective formulas for your brows, lips, and lashes from @grandecosmetics til death do us part @cameronpulido @iamalfielux had us spooked on set of our campaign shoot illusion makeup by the insanely talented @mimles we see you, @victorialyn is killing it with our can you surprise us with your look? show us your transformation and be sure to tag any products that you use! find these royal products @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com watch @paulyblanch create a princess elf warrior look w our sfx palettes!! happy to celebrate we have boss babe @lipsticknick showing you how to draw your brow shape using a few items from our arch obsessions brow kit. bold lip or bold eye? which is your pick? @justjenaye wears lip crème in oh miley! @madamealexandra wears eye-conic palette in cherrific and o!mega glaze in gilty. artistry by @morganemartini. our collection is available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. what's your sign? does your zodiac's pairing match up? tell us below help repair you skin while you sleep! leave a below if you’re using our hangover skincare tonight! @mariaa.dumitrescu brow goals for days transform your look with our brow duos small compacts featuring two complementary light dark shades to create your ideal brow shape happy babes! @nyane what's your brow routine? let us know arch obsessions brow kit includes: micro brow pencil⁣ brow setting gel in translucent⁣ brow cream⁣ m158 angle linerspoolie brush⁣ highlighter stick in oh brow baby⁣ avail. in 10 shades on morphe.com select morphe stores!⁣ wispy, feathery brows...here we come! @mcdrew worked some major brow magic using our in medium brown in shade 2! we are swimming in this beautiful blue eye look @menaadubea uses our matte putty primer, flawless finish foundation, 16hr camo concealer, matte setting powder, instant lift brow pencil, retro paradise palette, primer-infused blush in always fiery, liquid matte lipstick in blushing rose and retro paradise dream on gloss in strawberry daiquiri tap to shop! cherry-inspired hues and day-to-night neutrals. our limited-edition eye-conic multi-finish eye palette in cherrific features seven velvety, ultra-pigmented, cherry-inspired shades in four fashion finishes. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com and @sephora. coming soon to @harveynichols. get ready to slayyyy halloween because it’s fantasy makers 2020 time! make us freak with your halloween look and be sure to tag any products you use. link to our contest page information in our fm highlight we can’t wait to see what you wild ones create…grand prize is $2,500 and 1 year on our pr list. shop fm products @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com photographer and mua @jordanliberty model @eugenawashington hair @louisemooninc behind the illusion: newlywed undead @cameronpulido @iamalfielux @mimles national brow day giveaway! we’re picking 19 of you to win our a brow queen bag! follow @benefitcosmetics like this post tag 3 bffs below, along with @benefitcosmetics for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics good luck! giveaway ends tomorrow, 103, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.lynationalbrowday2020 bloody and use this smoldering potion for a wash of on your face, lips and cheeks there are many different options of eyebrow styles. the good thing is that you can choose what is best for you. which look do you like best on our beautiful model: 1, 2 or 3?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, describes a luminous and natural complexion, done with the capture totale c.e.l.l energy routine, followed by the dior backstage face body foundation routine. the dior forever skin correct was used for subtle touch-ups get the perfect foundation routine of the dior spring-summer ready-to-wear show! capture totale c.e.l.l energy super potent serum capture totale c.e.l.l energy firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior backstage face body primer dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct the revolution forever flawless eyeshadow palette in midnight rose in the perfect addition to complete your halloween makeup collection this 18 pan palette offers an array of warm brown and red tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadow formulations black history month uk 2020 spolight: @aa.stasia peju is all about the colour! she loves playing around with colourful, bright and playful makeup looks head over to her platform to see colour, avant-garde editorial eye makeup to brighten up your day this week we've collaborated with @editorialblk to kickstart bhm 2020!! we’ll be showcasing 6 uk based black beauty content creators over the next week to showcase amplify their platforms and skills! the @balmain show was a beautiful celebration of women of all ages and backgrounds! the unwavering confidence of the iconic parisian woman was brilliantly captured through @samirapikpo makeup look. here's how you can get the look too... products used: revitalift 1,5 hyaluronic acid serum true match liquid foundation 12n ebony true match the one concealer 9w mahogany infallible magic loose powder brilliant signature 115 i am worth it @parisfashionweek line up time! beauty models playing with the camera few minutes before entering the catwalk! get the look of the dior spring-summer ready-to-wear 2021 show! dior backstage face body primer dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct 5 couleurs couture 649 nude dress diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow dior lip sugar scrub dior lip maximizer 001 pink dior vernis 108 muguet eyes on. get this trans-seasonal bronze eye-makeup look in just a few simple strokes. start with stylo ombre et contour in electric brown to map out the shape of the eye. soften the look using all four shades of the les 4 ombres palette in elemental. layer the shimmery and matte textures to play with contrasts. finish the monochrome look with inimitable intense mascara in brown. get the eyes: stylo ombre et contour n°04 electric brown les 4 ombres n°352 elemental inimitable intense mascara n°20 brown @kangsjia welcome to our stunning look, brows are the new lashes collection! are you excited to get a new brow look? get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box duo limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°4 soft taupe eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @natalia.osipova.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @gretaaschmidt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the classic parisian look personified a bold red lip paired with a fresh, natural complexion were the ultimate touches for @balmain audacious and glamorous collection. @parisfashionweek introducing the new and improved bain régénérant. a youth revitalizing shampoo that gently removes impurities from the scalp and hair fiber. the ultimate luxury shampooing experience, the bain régénérant lathers up to strengthen and nourish hair fiber. giving the hair 44 more hydration over 48 hours, with hyaluronic acid and vitamin e to revitalise the hair giving added shine and stronger fiber! discover your at-home chronologiste ritual at www.kerastase.com only 1 month until election day! have you made your voting plan yet? @haileybieber yesterday he asked me what day it was... we're celebrating mean girls day with all of our favorite pink shades, even though it's not wednesday. ring ring.. these lip injection lippies are calling your name. choose the plump that's right for you with our lip injection collection! your lips will thank you for these our ride or die lip balms are perfect for everyday wear and packed with intensely hydrating ingredients to repair dry lips if you're reading this, spam the comments with the emoji that matches your favorite scent of ride or die lip balm tap to shop for $5 flutter your way through the new revolution 3d faux mink lashes! false lashes that look like natural lash extensions with a gorgeous fluffy finish fluffy fabulous fluffy finish⁣⁣ minky dramatic full on lashes⁣⁣ doll natural looking slender lashes⁣⁣ wispy a full feathery finish⁣⁣ available now £10€11.99$15 happy saturday my loves! these beauties are khaki glam goals! tag a friend that would love these looks @komunikatywnie @makeupbyedgar @m.weber.m @raquellelynnette @lepetitbeirut hit the link in bio to shop my loves @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, created a makeup look for the spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear collection by maria grazia chiuri, in which the eyes prevail, framed with black eyeliner that contrasts with a natural and luminous complexion. get the look! dior backstage face body primer dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct 5 couleurs couture 649 nude dress diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow dior lip sugar scrub dior lip maximizer 001 pink dior vernis 108 muguet the collection is ready for the most sinister month of the year snatch up these wild shadows, killer brushes and intoxicating glitter blood in time for all your halloween slay this before after with our badgal bang! volumizing mascara it's arguably one of most awaited shows, the @balmain show left us in complete awe with its star-studded celebration of diversity, heritage and optimism. we discussed with fashion designer, @olivierrousteing what his inspiration was behind this collection and makeup artist, @samirapikpo tells us more about the french touch that was needed to match the show's spirit. @parisfashionweek our spider-senses are tingling @sofia.mnn recreate this @morganemartini holiday eye look with our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific: smoke out the lash line with on top blend cherries in the outer crease pack on ask for on the inner lid add decadent for a pop in the center lid finish with for major volume lashes. shop our collection on marcjacobsbeauty.com. would you like to recreate the look? here you go! step 1: apply our eyeshadow base to the eye area. apply our warm neutral eyeshadows n°10 pearly white and n°27 pearly luxury skin on your eyelid. step 2: apply concealer or foundation to cut the crease. set the concealer with a neutral powder before using our eyeshadow n°530 matt chocolate cream to define your crease. for that extra sparkle, apply our high performance eyeshadow stylo n°46 benefit lavender grey. step 3: line the upper eyelid with our long lasting liquid liner n°01 and add a coat of our amazing effect mascara. step 4: apply our soft eye liner waterproof n°11 deep forest brown to your lower waterline to make it more prominent. done! all queens need their gems get the gem mask @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com new launch alert this time in a rocket! we are always looking into the future and the next frontier of skin, and we’re inspired by the dreamers at nasa, who share our commitment to science, innovation, and research. so it was only natural that we’d become the first-ever beauty brand to launch a serum into space! that’s right, our number-one got to tag along on nasa’s latest flight to @iss. while they explore the secrets of space, we’ll never stop exploring the same for skin. learn more about our big adventure at the link in our bio. add a pop of color this season with our fan-favorite blushes. do you love bounce blur blush or gen nude powder blush more? tell us in the comments below! let your eyes do the talking. get this season's hottest glam with our new @mariale amor caliente eye shadow palette. stock up @sephora we love spooky season @bettyxjane has used our sfx face paint palette to create this amazing look! bain régénérant is a revitalizing shampoo for hair and scalp. experience the benefits of this luxurious beauty ritual 1. revitalizes signs of aging hair and scalp. 2. gently removes impurities from scalp and hair fiber. 3. reveals stronger shinier hair. 4. nourishes and moisturizes hair. use after the pré-cleanse régénérant. apply it on wet hair and scalp, massage gently. rinse. follow with masque intense régénérant. discover your at-home luxurious chronologiste beauty ritual at www.kerastase.com featuring @claratlan 60 shades $9 deal shop this limited-time deal of our full-coverage, long-wearing on morphe.com select morphe stores! decked out in decadent cherries, our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific features seven ultra-pigmented, cherry-inspired shades for any eye look you crave. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com and @sephora. coming soon to @harveynichols. she's the and the watch @thefashionfreakk transform from to on our youtube channel brows for days we've got you covered in the brow department with a different formula for everyone starting at $2 eyebrow kit: a duo including a pigmented wax to define and shape brows and a setting powder to keep them in place wow brow gel: a fiber-infused, tinted brow gel lock on liner and brow cream: a creamy product that can be used to fill in and define brows as well as to line the eyes ultra precise brow pencil: a super precise pencil that creates a full, natural finish for your brows instant lift brow pencil: shape, define and fill in your brows for a natural, polished look clear brow lash mascara: set your brows with a clear, glossy finish which formula is your brow bestie? tap to shop his reaction @kristy.sarah comment below with nothing but heart emojis below! @ryankellymua slays this spooky using our liquid suede cream lipstick in 'respect the pink' watch @jaclyninwonderland apply hydra-light plumping lip mask, the leave-on lip mask infused with hyaluronic acid and a plumping peptide to smooth and plump lips. the blue-tinted mask applies sheer so it can be worn day or night. life’s full of tough choices, isn’t it? @sandrarclemente uses our og epic ink liner to transform herself into ursula from the little mermaid @jessamarieastrid isn't clowning around with those skills inspired by @makeupbyliesel babe alert! @rawellsaiidii uses our born this way matte foundation shade warm beige! babe alert! @rawellsaiidii uses our born this way matte foundation shade warm beige! cut, line and define anytime, anywhere. killer queen's 6 piece eye brush set including mega-watt blinging bag is fully vegan fully vengeful this is @mimles has us doing a double take with this relatable af illusion makeup she details with our white liquid liner to complete the look! if 'saturday afternoons' were a palette... @makeupbyparkerbella @madisonbeer need a boost? our hydrating booster drops to the rescuethis lightweight booster supercharges your routine for instant hydration to help create plump looking skin. use alone or added into any foundation, liquid, or cream. available on elfcosmetics.com work that smize @lovephoebee uses in shade 6 to get these immaculate red lip icon. always inspired by the legendary photographed by @terryoneillofficial, new york 1985. photo credit: @iconicimagesnet double tap if @strashme is always a glam mood consider this your official whether slaying bombshell or bitten vibes, she's a knockout @emberjohnson encased in the famous forever flawless tin, with an enchanted forest design, create the ultimate smokey sultry look this spooky season with the forever flawless eyeshadow palette enchanted legendary photographer maripol snatched our models for a quick polaroid backstage shooting just before the show started! check out these stolen moments! black history month uk 2020 spolight: @sandras.daughter steph uses makeup as a creative outlet! a lover of the classic wing but always adds an avant grade twist head over to her platform to see colour, avant-garde editorial eye makeup that really pops this week we've collaborated with @editorialblk to kickstart bhm 2020!! we’ll be showcasing 6 uk based black beauty content creators over the next week to showcase amplify their platforms and skills! look, brows are the new lashes! our new collection gives you a perfect look for your extraordinary brows! image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box duo limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°4 soft taupe⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyes on. monochromatic drama. discover the star products of this all-bronze look. get the goods: inimitable intense mascara n°20 brown les 4 ombres n°352 elemental stylo ombre et contour n°04 electric brown right before starting the dior spring-summer ready-to-wear 2021 catwalk, our dior girls are playfully captured through the lens of the iconic maripol! ultimate eye base! a super thick consistency for crease-free perfection! @nailasworld shows us this new formula closeup guaranteed eye makeup that lasts so much longer! our global make-up director @thevalgarland and supermodel @thelumagrothe have teamed up to bring you this beauty trend to your home! this glowy 'just woke up like this' look suits everyone and can be achieved in a flash! now, it's your turn... products used: face: true match liquid foundation​ true match eye cream in a concealer​ true match pressed powder foundation​ life’s a peach blush powder​ eyes: skinny definer precision retractable brow pencil color queen eye shadow extraordinaire​ air volume mega mascara lips:​ color riche reno: 226 rose glace​ brilliant signature: 305 be captivating @parisfashionweek discover the new masque intense régénérant hair mask that intensely nourish your hair, from the scalp to the tip. its exceptional formula revitalizes, strengthens, smoothens, softens the hair fiber and conditions for hair renewal and hydrated hair. discover your at-home luxurious chronologiste beauty ritual at www.kerastase.com what’s better than one becca essential? get ready to meet two becca favorites, together for a limited time. hello, smooth skin. if you've never tried an oil cleanser, this one is it melts away makeup without stripping natural moisture. follow with our super-soft cream for the ultimate in calming hydration. have you tried smoothness skincare yet? @thebeautyroomak spot a fav? comment below pic credit @thebeautyradar it's world animal day, beauties! to celebrate, make a donation to @bestfriendsanimalsociety when you checkout on toofaced.com we’ll match up to $5000, because together, we can help save them all! psst...and for the first time ever, take 50 off select favorites from our beloved clover collection! u.s. residents only, with a maximum of $5,000 in matching donations ending 1042020, 11:59 pm pst. we love this look from @wex12 named 𝕯𝖗𝖆𝖌𝖔𝖓 𝕱𝖎𝖗𝖊 using our liner revolution to create this intricate eye design. have you tried it out yet? can we talk about the black swan vibes we're getting from @xreyymua? breakup-proof liquid eyeliner taking the spotlight... get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @playa's endless summer spray gives you perfectly tousled hair texture you usually only get after a day at the beach or out on a surfboard benefits california sea salt: adds texture and keeps hair in place while allowing plenty of movement⁣ marine collagen complex: nourishes strands to give hair fullness and shine⁣ earthy toned eyes @bxomakeup uses our 16hr camo concealer in fair warm and poreless putty primer to lay the groundwork for this gorgeous eye look tap to shop guys how amazing is @valaaribyinnayat's wow! totally overwhelmed with all of the legit lashes love!! sooo happy you guys love it as much as i do, i'm so thankful for your support pro artist @mainmua slays this safe spooky using some of our halloween must-haves! here are the deets: jumbo eye pencil ultimate shadow palette in 'phoenix' epic ink liner epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' shout loud satin lipstick honey dew me up primer matte setting spray there’s no place like the runway. our eye-conic palette finishes are inspired by marc’s fashion show colors and textures. yeah, they just did that all of our are officially and more than ever before enter our creepy competition and win an at-home studio kit and a revolution makeup bundle worth £500 all you have to do is join the challenge! 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection⁣ 2. upload your look on instagram or tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional⁣ we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. shake it like a polaroid picture! maripol, worldwide renown photographer, composed her backstage impression in playful collage compositions. check out the dior spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear makeup look! wow full brows complete your every-day makeup look and it only takes a few steps! will you try it?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ brow filler n°6 soft brunette⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @crystaljsingh this look is bite-worthy inspired by @milk1422 all that @amythedutchess is serving major euphoria vibes with this red, hot glam she uses our slide on eye pencil in 'jet black' to complete the look our plan? we're reaching for new face serum! it protects by day and repairs by night and is proven effective for all skin types. are you part of let us know why you love our in the comments below! 2 more days until you can make yours! @daisymarquez mua @lipsticknick launches: 10.6 morphe.com stores 10.8 @theofficialselfridges 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin 10.22 @sephoramx 10.27 @meccamaxima @sephoracanada coming soon @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021 when it's the weekend and you need options. which too faced eye shadow palette are you reaching for today? wild thing which of these unexpected swatches from our full on crazy palette has you brewing up some magic ahead of halloween?! @angelamarytanner 2020 glamour this year's limited edition winter collection launches soon comment with a if you are excited! 2020 glamour this year's limited edition winter collection launches soon comment with a if you are excited! masque intense régénérant is a revitalizing hair mask for lengths and ends. experience the benefits of this luxurious beauty ritual: 1. 87 hydration 2. 48h frizz control 3. 6x more shine 4. stronger fiber after shampooing with bain régénérant, apply from roots to ends. rinse after 5 minutes. discover your at-home luxurious chronologiste beauty ritual at www.kerastase.com featuring @claratlan see through you mimi choi, aka the queen of illusions, has us shook with this invisible makeup look swipe to break the illusion @mimles satin, velvet, silk and lamé. our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific features velvety, ultra-pigmented, cherry-inspired shades in four fashion finishes. pictured: our new large oval complexion brush not pictured: the happy face you'll have after using this super soft brush for the first time why we love it: -available in small, medium and large shown -this large size is perfect for foundation application -ergonomically friendly shape -tightly packed bristles allow an airbrushed effect tap to shop for $10 sundays are for binge-watching drop your faves below all eyes on @daisymarquez with morphe's first-ever mascara! mua @lipsticknick launches: 10.6 morphe.com stores 10.8 @theofficialselfridges 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin 10.22 @sephoramx 10.27 @meccamaxima @sephoracanada coming soon @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021 the look, the lips, the lashes we’re all about @kingkiahh in volumizing mascara! let us know which new mega matte bold lipstick one is your new fave below left to right: vocal forward passionate in the moment pick-up line use her palette. get her look. becca spokesperson, @barbieferreira, on the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. it's showtime @mcdrew uses our epic wear pencil sticks in 'pure white' epic ink liner to transform herself into a beetlejuice inspired skull we see you @itskaijasmine and your too⁣ start the week off right complete your routine with our hangover wash the day away gentle foaming cleanser. available @douglascosmetics the power is in the pencil only 30 days left! have you made your plan to vote?! comment below with the emoji for your voting plan! mail-in or drop-off ballot early voting in person in person on election day @cynthiasteenkamp uses our matte liquid liner to slay this stitched up, zombie dangerous shades ahead no one can stop her bombshell to bitten so you better watch out @nessasunshine fill the comments with red emojis if you love a red lip srsly satin lipstick in pepper gives one-swipe color in a creamy, satin finish tap to shop for $3 always stunning @iluvsarahii wears in medium brown we just can’t get enough of this natural look on our og benebabe! our perfect color lipsticks are the right choice to emphasize your lips! which one is your favorite color? image credits: @laragilles⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ it’s back! @jakejamies 's @revolutionskincare toffee apple face mask has made a spooky return jake said 'this is the perfect restoration face mask post any heavy duty makeup whether that be sfx or a full glam beat formulated with an antioxidant complex this mask will leave you feeling intensely moisturised and smelling amazing vegan cruelty free! you read that right! shop 3 for 2 on selected revolution skincare items right now at revolutionbeauty.com swipe to see some of our newest @revolutionskincare ranges! black history month uk 2020 spolight: @bemusebybetty betty is a professional mua content creator. she loves afro futurism and looks that are literally out of this world head over to her platform to see colour, avant-garde editorial eye makeup to transport you to another world this week we've collaborated with @editorialblk to kickstart bhm 2020!! we’ll be showcasing 6 uk based black beauty content creators over the next week to showcase amplify their platforms and skills! discover the new thermique régénérant, providing thermal protection up to 230 c and frizz control for your hair. its formula enriched with hyaluronic acid, abyssine and vitamin e helps fight the signs of ageing hair such as dryness and thinning. apply 2-3 pumps on your dry or towel-dried hair, then blow dry with a hair dryer or straightener. discover your at-home luxurious chronologiste beauty ritual at www.kerastase.com it's your time to shine glow all-out with the glamour nude look! this beauty trend is all about perfecting the smallest details to achieve that radiant fresh face! thank you @thevalgarland blended to perfection! which is your fav 1,2 or 3? stunning khaki looks by @slayedby.vee @fruzansbeauty @ownurlook changing leaves our favorite seasonal coffee breaking out our favorite fall footwear just a few things we the change in seasons! tonight, learn how to transition your live on esteelauder.com with member rebecca roberts! rebecca will share her skincare must-haves to get you from summer to fall flawlessly you can shop right along with her. tap the link in our bio to join her at 6pm et tonight! the look of love create @mariale's signature fun fabulous looks with our new amor caliente eye cheek palette! dior backstage unveils its brand new collection inspired by a range of gold shades. get ready to shine bright and show off your golden glow! stay tuned... dior backstage glow face palette 003 pure gold dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold dior backstage glow face palette 004 rose gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold dior backstage glow face palette 005 copper gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold comment the first product you ever bought from e.l.f. below our new classics eyeshadow palette is the perfect palette for all of our neutral eye lovers 18 matte, satin and shimmer shades in a super pigmented formula for only $14 tap to shop we're feeling the fall vibes with our warmest shades of our new prismatica face palette and light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadows. shades shown: hued and glimmer from the prismatica face palette lunar and red star, two fan favorite shades of light gleam handsome squidward said who else loved this ep? @indigotohell did you know that we have a full line-up of highly pigmented, high gloss neon nail polishes. one coat is all it takes to achieve a highly-pigmented sweep of colour 20 off everything at benefitcosmetics.com starts now! our friends family sale is officially here until 108 just use code: friends20 the best part? you can shop our friends family sale right here on instagram too, no code needed, prices as marked. it's time for a perfect brow styling. define your eyebrows with only one product and create a natural look!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ used product:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ultra fine brow liner n°12 deep brunette⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ introducing our new digital makeup artistry competition 2020! with the help of the incredibly talented mimi choi, we want to see your wildest doll creations come to life! post your transformation tutorial on igtv follow the official guidelines to enter submission period is now through monday 1012 at 11:59pm et. for official rules regulations visit nyxcosmetics.comdollsearchcontest.html tag a friend who should enter @mimles discover the next evolution of andy warhol loved our original beautiful and 35 years later, we’re excited to share the beautiful absolu eau de parfum that’s certain to be your new favorite fragrance too tap to shop now! tm the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation hello to the line of yummy vegan gummies that make it simple to get the good stuff for under $20 on morphe.com select morphe stores! such good hair $16 strawberry⁣⁣ such good skin $18 guava⁣⁣ such good belly $16 orange⁣⁣ such good sleep $14 blueberry⁣⁣ amp up the seduction of any look with a touch of crimson red sparkle our vegan glitter blood is the perfect quick topper for a red lip has a whole new meaning with our glow-in-the-dark nail polish get it @target repost @huda birthday weekend! did someone say... october??? we love this look from @soph using her own revolution x soph extra spice palette to create it! a heart-warming gift for anyone on your list the warmth eye cheek palette and 3-piece brush set are holiday season favorites. snag these kits while you can at the craving a bite-sized palette? indulge in our new richly-seductive scented salted caramel mini eye shadow palette. it's packed with warm, buttery neutrals that will have you feeling like a sweet treat! @kaneshiashana is simply meant to be with her killer artistry skills tag a babe who loves inspo @luvekat it’s time! share a photo or video on ig of your best look for a chance to win $2500 and a full year on our pr mailing list! make sure to follow and tag us @wetnwildbeauty and include the hashtags unwrap this stunning look this halloween mua photo credit: @jordanliberty model: @camicrews hair: @louisemooninc products used: multistick gold 10 pan shadow palette mummy glitter liner magic trick rich witch glitter palette paint palette metallic stencil mummy maven megaglo highlighting powder gold mega last lip color mauve gray paint pot black find it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com 2020 glamour you said you wanted to know more watch out for a special feature with the butterfly what do you think it could be? this year's limited edition winter collection launches soon introducing our 3 winners-@karolscorner @emilyannecarden @thebrooksbrother we are so excited to see what they create with our @umgbgram artists @tovelo @tianamajor9 @pitizion! we want to give a huge thank you to everyone who participated in this year's competition! we've loved seeing all of the amazing music-inspired looks our community created! we hope you continue to inspire others with your talented work! we all float down here @julibake creates this sharp winged liner using our epic ink liner vivid brights liner in 'vivid fire' dress your eyes in cherry-inspired hues with the limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific, topped off with velvet noir mascara. new thermique régénérant protects your hair from heat up to 230 c, helps fight the signs of hair ageing, facilitates styling and last but not least, it offers 24h anti-frizz action. its light and melting texture, infused with the chronologiste olfactory signature with notes of rose, cedar and musk, provides a feeling of well-being upon application. @theerealkarlaj is dripping in confidence watch out for her bite black is traditional @klamourmakeup uses our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer as a base for this eerie, other mother transformation we are thrilled to share our limited edition in collaboration with the beautiful absolu eau de parfum brings together two lovers of flowers, estée lauder and andy warhol, for a new interpretation of the original iconic fragrance they both loved tap to shop now. tm the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation let's settle the debate: candy corn yay or nay? @cakedbykelsey frames this festive look wearing our micro brow pencil up close and personal, just the way we like it @flatlay2slay lip lip, hooray! @ladyminong tries on our cult favorite benetint lip cheek stain! 1 more day @daisymarquez is making a big statement as the face of our brand new make it big mascara big prime lash primer with some bts footage! shop 'em tomorrow on morphe.com select morphe stores! mua @lipsticknick other launch dates 10.8 @theofficialselfridges 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin 10.22 @sephoramx 10.27 @meccamaxima @sephoracanada coming soon @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021 blessing your feed with a lil halloween lippie @saramua serves up major fall vibes with this glitter ombre lip she uses our epic wear liner sticks in 'gold plated' 'orange zest' to get the look v is for vote. get the word out with the @marcjacobs limited-edition patch, custom-made for the traveler tote. $10 from every vote patch sold will be donated to when we all vote. link in our stories and the @marcjacobs bio. @whenweallvote is a non-profit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to increasing participation in every election and closing the race and age voting gap. please join us in registering, exercising your right to vote and by visiting whenweallvote.org to see how you can get involved. photographed by @tyrellhampton september 20, 2020 in new york city. @nablacosmetics' 𝗖𝗨𝗧𝗜𝗘 𝗣𝗔𝗟𝗘𝗧𝗧𝗘 wild berry palette features six energetic shades w 3 luminous, 3d finishes: metal foil, super matte, and latex matte! shop @nablacosmetics on morphe.com morphe select stores! @annybeeutee your monday just got lit. our complexion-enhancing turn up the light highlighting palettes were created to bring out the inner radiance in every skin tone. stock up @sephoraitalia. @themethodmale uses: zero virtual foundation zero glass highlighter for face lip hydra-light plumping lip balm in mist glam but make it spooky @anarkee completes this sultry slay with our soft matte lip cream in 'transylvania' yes or no have you tried our new yet?! our lil' bit psycho palette? she's definitely got a savage streak make heads turn everywhere you go with this compact bb in hand clownin’ around mimi choi does it again with this intricate clown illusion! she creates the look using our essentials available at @ultabeauty. here's what you'll need: sfx crème color palette in brights primary ultimate palette phoenix ultimate utopia face body glitter glitter primer can’t stop won’t stop concealers in soft beige light ivory pale epic wear liquid liners in red white stonefox black suede matte lip liner in spicy on the rise mascara epic wear liner sticks in pitch black pure white high glass illuminating powder @mimles our feed just got a little more gorgeous olive a sudden @araalnaiem wears precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium with 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel to shape these spectacular brows! lips to kiss! have you already tried this stunnig berry color? get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ encased in the famous forever flawless tin, with a gorgeous rose design 18 shades of warm brown and red tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadow formulations plus, spot the gorgeous rose print in the matte shades too black history month uk 2020 spolight: @lavern la-vern is an incredibly talented blind beauty content creator. her work is filled with surprise and wonder! a beauty star in the making head over to her platform to see colour, avant-garde editorial eye makeup to transport you to another world this week we've collaborated with @editorialblk to kickstart bhm 2020!! we’ll be showcasing 6 uk based black beauty content creators over the next week to showcase amplify their platforms and skills! those are perfection! thanks for these amazing tutorials my loves! chloe, @katielykathissumi @ginagdf i can't wait for you guys to try it! this mascara is the effortless length volume you get in no time is insane. truly one of a kind @hudabeautyshop legit lashes mascara xoxox chloe universal and versatile, these three new multi-purpose palettes deliver an instant touch of radiance. mix and match the shades and textures, from shimmery to metallic, to create infinite looks! glow face palette 003 pure gold glow face palette 004 rose gold glow face palette 005 copper gold soft. smokey. sexy af khaki haze obsessions can't get enough of seeing all the different looks you're creating my loves! @theplasticboy @makeupbyaleks @mmiraho @lizdaggerbeauty @glambynidaa the sérum universel is the ultimate in luxury advanced hair care. enriched with hyaluronic acid, a star active in skin care and prized for its moisturizing properties, your hair regains flexibility and vitality. it also contains abyssine, ac active ingredient recognized for its revitalizing power and its ability to restore strength from the root. shiny and soft to the touch, your hair looks transformed. thanks to vitamin e, hair is protected from external aggressions and free radicals that can harm it. it thus retains all its shine and beauty. over time, hair becomes more dense. each fiber is thicker, gaining an average 7.2 in diameter. hydrated and soft to the touch, your hair regains its strength and is protected daily. discover your at-home luxurious chronologiste beauty ritual at www.kerastase.com mineral-infused mascara that doesn't skip on volume. lashtopia mega volume mineral-based mascara brings the drama without the additives. açai you is having a moment @anknook looks in our bite-size eyeshadow in açai you, h2o proof eyeliner pen and wow brow gel in deep brown available on elfcosmetics.com our new @mariale amor caliente eye cheek palette is packed with fluorescent mattes modern nudes and bold shimmers to push the boundaries with your glam. tap to shop! @sephora we saw this look and clicked add to cart. @allthingsglam gets a full, iridescent look on her face and eyes using the prismatica face palette and finishes the look with ultimate lipstick love in mocha. what mascara will you use this october? the mascara revolution adds amazing volume and length that won’t flake or smudge. the rich consistency dries down to leave you with fanned out, defined lashes.⁣⁣ big lash volume mascara is the ultimate volumising mascara with a wide angled brush to give every single lash some oomph!⁣⁣ wispy false lash mascara is the ultimate natural finish mascara with a wide angled brush for a gorgeous feathery effect!⁣⁣ stretch it out mascara is the ultimate lengthening mascara with a unique combing brush to add length to each and every lash⁣⁣ curl elevation mascara is the ultimate in curling mascara, featuring a unique curved brush designed to give every single lash some serious lift!⁣⁣ big lash waterproof volume mascara is the same volumising brush but in waterproof! all eyes on the brows! our new look, brows are the new lashes collection creates a simple and irrestible look. we love it! what do you think? product used: 2 in 1 brow perfector ultra fine brow liner n°12 deep brunette brow filler the house of color riche! enrich your lips this with our luxurious range of satin lipsticks. from bold reds, iconic mauves and nudes for all skin tones, you can expect a sophisticated color that will leave your lips feeling soft, smooth, and moisturized. @parisfashionweek time to celebrate our limited edition beautiful absolu eau de parfum is here! in honor of the 35th anniversary of beautiful, our collaboration with the is a modern, fresh interpretation of the iconic packaged in a box perfect for gifting. tap to shop now! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation voting season starts now be an your plan to vote! text voter to 26797 to make sure you’re registered ready to cast your ballot! @bittercupmakeup is living out our orange black halloween fantasy in captivating take me back to brazil shadows your next big obsession is finally here, our first-ever mascara is big on volume and now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! [$12usd]⁣ @daisymarquez mua @lipsticknick⁣ other launch dates:⁣ 10.8 @theofficialselfridges⁣ 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin⁣ 10.22 @sephoramx⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣ @sephoracanada coming soon⁣ @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021⁣ whatever you do, make it big! our first-ever mascara lash primer will bring you big volume without flaking out. both are now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! [$12usd]⁣ [$10usd]⁣ more launch dates:⁣ 10.8 @theofficialselfridges⁣ 10.13 @douglascosmetics, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty, @officialbrownthomas, @arnottsdublin⁣ 10.22 @sephoramx⁣ 10.27 @meccamaxima⁣ @sephoracanada coming soon⁣ @ultabeauty @bootsuk coming early 2021⁣ omg! i just found this beauty!!! how amazing is she?!! soo inspirational! make sure to check her out my loves! @lucyedwardsofficial get creative this halloween shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty has used our new midnight rose eyeshadow palette to create this look with our feather wispy lashes, big lash volume mascara, renaissance flick conceal define corrector c0 white shade this grapefruit mint balm is so good, you'll want to kiss yourself find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com let’s talk about that model life w @vanesssaromo ok flawless, we see you! @itssangtime perfects her glam with our 24-hour born this way matte foundation. big impact 100 experienced an immediate lengthening effect 100 experienced instant volume 98 said the mascara was easy to build layer @daisymarquez flutters her way to the top with our new make it big mascara and the big prime lash primer a world first! we got you! our first @revolutionskincare maskne product is coming in november, just when you really need it we bring you this superhero product! as we all start to wear masks every day, we want you to have a product available to you to protect your skin and we will be launching the maskne calming purifying lower face sheet mask containing betaine hyaluronic acid to calm and hydrate and willow bark extract to help prevent blemishes this is your must-have product to get you through the rest of the year fragrance free⁣ biodegradable⁣ vegan⁣ cruelty free introducing parfum en huile that will nourish your hair all while leaving it with a radiant finish and luxurious fragranced. an exceptional combination of noble notes from the world of fine fragrance tea rose, light woods and musk. illuminate and nourish your hair with l’huile de parfum from featuring @claratlan delighted that our eyeliner are on @beautificationbymarta's go-to list find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com us now that voting has officially started avoid fomo be an request your ballot return that baby asap! not registered yet? click the link in our bio. we gotchu. @whenweallvote halloween has entered the chat get in the spooky mood with liquid matte lipstick in vampy violet get 30 off select halloween products now on our website 2020 glamour this year's limited edition winter collection launches soon what do you think is in this crystal ball? back-from-the-beach bronze @jenickalopez used our hoola caramel matte bronzer to achieve a natural-looking, sun-safe tan! seeing double @kimberleymargarita completes this creepy, two-headed monster look using our swear by it shadow palette fun fact: every 30 seconds, a young person in the united states turns 18 and becomes eligible to vote! join us and @rockthevote in our quest to make every voice including those of the powerful, young latinx community heard learn more get registered on our site or at rockthevote.org @lipsticknick tries on our new buildable, silky gleamcatcher illuminator from to add the perfect boost of radiance to her cheekbones, cupid’s bow, and high points. 10 years of instagram, can you believe it? we're celebrating with 10 of our favorite posts of all time. did any of your favorites make the cut? tell us below. create a radiant look from lids to lips using the collection. global artistry ambassador @morganemartini used: eye-conic palette in cherrific, shades extra, cherries, and on top o!mega glaze in gilty mascara in blacquer recover coconut lip oil model: @madamealexandra @gabby.morr said volume w our first-ever take clover home sort of we're still celebrating world animal day with 50 off select clover faves including our sun puppy bronzer! stock up on toofaced.com. @katie.artistry is giving us those electric vibes in a bright bolt of bellini blush available @ultabeauty our halloween what are your holy grails? ours is the new sfx face and body paint available online at nyxcosmetics.com the whole e.l.f.ing squad pulling up like products featured from left to right: metallic flare highlight in rose gold highlighting brush ultimate blending brush pointed powder brush flawless finish foundation halo glow setting powder in medium beige blush brush primer infused blush in always punchy tap to shop some of our most iconic products your new multi-tasking bestie is here to bring you a buildable wash of color anywhere you go @celestesalas shows off her loud lips her even louder voice slay your own way with our exclusive bh x rock the vote lip set a bright lippie duo plus cute co-branded bandana to wrap it all up between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org. comment your phone battery percentage right now that’s how many blushes are in your future! 2020: a mood @mayainthemoment when it comes to perfectly styled brows you can always count on our lovely products! style your brows and create your own unique look! shown product:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow designer precious glamour is here, our 2020 limited edition winter collection this is one glam drop you don’t want to miss out on! the revolution precious glamour collection is your answer to 90’s glam, with lots of bling stars and butterflies want a full face of glam? shop the whole collection:⁣ 2 megastar eyeshadow palettes £12€12.99$16⁣ 1 glitz up mini eyeshadow palette £8€9.99$12⁣ 1 butterfly lash mascara £8.99€9.99$12⁣ 3 butterfly lipsticks £8€8.99$10⁣ 2 bling bomb lip glosses £6.99€7.99$9⁣ 2 illuminators £8€9.99$12⁣ crystal ball loose body shimmer £10€10.99$15⁣ revolutionbeauty.com exclusive offer buy 3 or more products from the collection and save 20 black history month uk 2020 spolight: @bbaldhi harmony has finally got the time to focus on her creativity. she now uses her spare time to be creative with her makeup! her work is soft, beautiful and editorial at it’s finest head over to her platform to see colour, avant-garde editorial makeup on another level this week we've collaborated with @editorialblk to kickstart bhm 2020!! we’ll be showcasing 6 uk based black beauty content creators over the next week to showcase amplify their platforms and skills! add a touch of glamour to any look with the revolution precious glamour lipsticks three classic shades with a butterfly imprinted on the bullet, wrapped in gorgeous rose gold packaging, with a 90’s inspired removable and an adjustable butterfly ring! so hollywood classic deep red regal pink nude extra fancy nude available now £8€8.99$10 our magic fix is defintely one of our all time favorites when we talk about fixing your lipstick for unforgettable dates! enjoy your gorgeous lips for the full eye glam the revolution precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palettes each both have 20 shades and we have 2 palettes available! swipe for swatches of both!⁣ precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palette diamond edition shimmering rose gold, beautiful bronze and champagne hues, teamed with matte mineral neutrals and wine shades.⁣ precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palette crystal luxe shimmering golds and silver mixed with matte and metallic earthy neutral, deep blue and purple hues⁣ available now £12€12.99$16⁣ revolutionbeauty.com exclusive offer buy 3 or more products from the collection and save 20 subtle or intense, warm or cool, rosy or with bronze hues... there is a shade of gold for every occasion! the iconic color of the house of dior, often featured in its couture collections, has now been reinvented by dior makeup. dior backstage glow face palette 003 pure gold dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold dior backstage glow face palette 004 rose gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold dior backstage glow face palette 005 copper gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold much like the hero products of anti-ageing skin care lines, sérum universel is the purest, most powerful manifestation of the chronologiste youth revitalizing range. inspired by caviar as a precious life source, it utilizes biomimetic caviar technology to protect and maintain powerful actives at their purest potency. experience 32 of scalp elasticity for supple, healthy hair with a youthful bounce. watch as we test the youth power of chronologiste sérum universel. election day is november 3rd. make your voices heard. vote. for more information on registering, mail in voting and more visit whenweallvote.org. rg: @marcjacobs moms are full of wisdom and beauty advice! join us today at 3pm et on to celebrate with our @jocelynbiga and her mother @maritzabiga. jocelyn will share her mom’s advice about confidence, culture, and beauty and provide an inside look at their beauty routines, including how they are both a part of you won’t want to miss this celebration! the revolution precious glamour crystal ball loose body shimmer will add a gorgeous all over glow apply to collarbones, shoulders and legs for that a glistening glow. a finely milled shimmer powder that catches the light for a multi-dimensional finish available now £10€10.99$15 as an official sponsor and jury of the @andamfashionaward, l'oréal paris is proud to present to you @mossitraore, this year's winner of the pierre bergé prize an award designed to support young creators and designers in the international fashion scene. traoré is the founder behind the ethical high-end brand @mossiofficiel, which builds its collections around four main beliefs; art, the world, craftsmanship and fashion. in 2015, he founded the ateliers d’alix, a school that encourages young talent in the suburbs to pursue a career in haute couture. the future of fashion belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams! @parisfashionweek name a better duo than bite-size eyeshadow palettes and liquid glitter eyeshadows...we'll wait. products featured: bite-size eyeshadow palette in truffles and liquid glitter eyeshadow in ocean eyes and disco queen now 30 off during our halloween sale. tap to shop! late to bed or early to rise let take care of your skin eyes. tap to shop new advanced night repair serum and eye supercharged complex. we're all about a flawless finish. immediately reduce shine and blur imperfections with our primed poreless face powder. available @macys! thankful for all your support ultimate coverage foundation is so lightweight, you’ll not only love how you look, but how you feel wearing it. a balance of water and concentrated pigments give skin a flexible, natural finish that is water- and transfer-resistant for 24 hours. the revolution precious glamour butterfly lash mascara is a buildable formula that will add volume to lashes for a fanned out, fluttery finish instant glamour wrapped up in stunning rose gold packaging, with a 90’s inspired removable and adjustable butterfly ring available now £8.99€9.99$12⁣ revolutionbeauty.com exclusive offer buy 3 or more products from the collection and save 20 repost @huda been working hard on something...can you guess what it is? best kit ever? we think so. our 3-piece kit includes complexion rescue tinted moisturizer in the shade of your choice bounce blur blush endless summer bronzer. a $57 value for only $38. get yours exclusively from @sephora. @rosalierouge @pradaolic has the dewiest highlight ever turn on this rosy outlook! our art installations are now in select locations in the united states click the link in our bio to find the closest one to you! can’t find one near you? access our new rosy outlook filter now by tapping the ‘filters’ section in our profile! nothing mellow about this yellow get lit up with our face body gel in stunner shade lemon lime light this @mossiofficiel set the tone with its collection using a multi-sensory collaboration between two crafts of touch, calligraphy and fashion, inspired from the calligraphies of the iraqi artist @hassanmassoudy. the range of sculptural looks reveals how asymmetry is synonymous with fluidity and movement like the japanese organza fabrics. @mossitraore tells us a unique story with his creations, where fashion has the right to move and be everywhere, day and night. @parisfashionweek the revolution precious glamour illuminators will add glamour to any look available in two shades, diamond silver and champagne bronze, wrapped in bling-bling packaging, because we like to be extra like that which one will you be picking up? available now £8€9.99$12⁣ revolutionbeauty.com exclusive offer buy 3 or more products from the collection and save 20 meet infused w ingredients to condition, the unique blue shade preps your lashes for larger-than-life volume and amplifies the effects color intensity of your mascara! benefits⁣ preps lashes for ultimate volume⁣ conditions lashes for mascara application⁣ intensifies color of mascara⁣ actual footage of us tryna sneak a nap in our zoom meetings mimi choi has us with our jaws on the floor with this insane on @ashlevi @mimles look backstage. a graphic, cinema-inspired effect created by @luciapicaofficial, chanel global creative makeup and colour designer. model @shaynamcneill gets ready to walk the spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear show held yesterday at the grand palais in paris. “the makeup look is very exquisitely masculine and feminine with a minimalist glamour feel to it. it’s an allover pristine matte look” says lucia pica. get the look: ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre éclat lumière stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils la palette sourcils le volume révolution de chanel 10 noir les 4 ombres 334 modern glamour les 4 ombres 322 blurry grey le crayon lèvres 162 nude brun rouge allure velvet extrême 102 modern discover our limited edition under eye brightening corrector, which shines a light on our commitment to mental wellness and celebrates our uk partnership with @mentalhealthmates, a peer support network. exclusively available at @spacenk get down with this glitter palette in boogie monster find it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens the most essential product in our skincare line? new skinlongevity long life herb serum because there's so much goodness inside. check out highlights below and head to the to learn more. @ultabeauty strengthens your skin barrier with niacinamide and boosted long life herb reduces the look of fine lines and wrinkles suitable for all ages and skin types a match made in heaven! plump up the volume on your lips lashes with our better than sex mascara and lip injection maximum plump! tag a bestie who needs this iconic duo! @lipsticknick is making it big w our new like whoa @naezrahlooks is sending major e-girl vibes with this makeup look. here are the deets: pore filler primer on the rise volume liftscara epic ink liner matte setting spray ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' metallic glitter in 'beauty beam' face body glitter in 'cosmic love' butter gloss in 'creme brûlée' the revolution precious glamour bling bombs are a ‘blinged up’ version of the existing shimmer bomb shades ‘light beam’ and ‘starlight’ but wrapped in a glamourous diamante component this is a limited edition line you must have for your collection! available now £6.99€7.99$9⁣ revolutionbeauty.com exclusive offer buy 3 or more products from the collection and save 20 the ultimate in revitalizing care, the range transforms the hair from scalp to ends, producing shine, softness and bounce in a luxurious sensorial experience. 32 more scalp elasticity. 24h scalp hydration: the serum moisturizes the scalp, leading to lasting hydration deep in the skin. 7.2 more fiber diameter: individual hair fiber are plumped for greater overall volume and structure. 81 more fiber hydration after 48h: even after 2 days, the serum’s actives provide dramatically increased moisture to the hair. 4x more shine: hair is restored with a youthful and healthy appearance. 96h anti-frizz action: increased moisture inside the fiber keeps frizz at bay, even after several days. discover your at-home luxurious chronologiste beauty ritual at www.kerastase.com lips that match the colors of the season! our srsly satin lipsticks have one-swipe pigmentation and a smooth, satin finish for every day wear. tap the shop inspired by the colors of the desert and the wind @makeupbymarlon completed the @mossiofficiel collection with illuminating glowy looks and wavy hairstyles to highlight the authentic beauty of each model. products used: face: revitalift renew replumping ampoules true match liquid foundation: 9.5n deep warm unbelivabrow gel: 109 ebony paradise mascara extatic glow mon amour highlighting drops: 02 loving peach la vie en glow highlighter powder palette rouge signature lipstick: 418 empower hair: elseve extraordinary oil elnett normal hold shine hairspray @parisfashionweek @rusdierahim is so hot she's literal flames in our spotlight highlight palette look backstage. as seen in the movies. inspired by the spring-summer collection, @luciapicaofficial wanted the show’s models to feel ready to play their role on the runway with a look that would captivate the audience. get the look: ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre éclat lumière stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils la palette sourcils le volume révolution de chanel 10 noir les 4 ombres 334 modern glamour les 4 ombres 322 blurry grey le crayon lèvres 162 nude brun rouge allure velvet extrême 102 modern @znekey we’re putting the spotlight on @jocelynbiga her mother @maritzabiga this jocelyn’s most treasured advice on confidence, beauty and growing as a hispanic american woman was passed down from her mom maritza and now they’re both sharing their tips and tricks with us! tune in to learn more from this mother-daughter duo and see their favorite beauty looks. tap to watch and shop jocelyn maritza’s new face serum: https:estee.cm2gaxdag revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm3lkzb7b eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm3lf6b7d resilience multi-effect tri-peptide face and neck creme spf 15: https:estee.cm2supasi resilience multi-effect tri-peptide eye creme: https:estee.cm3d1svs9 futurist hydra rescue foundation: https:estee.cm2gjr4h6 stay-in-place makeup: https:estee.cm2gblq7o radiant concealer: https:estee.cm2hrn6zc blush: https:estee.cm34ujvi7 matte glow bronzing trio: https:estee.cm2gffjxf eyeshadow in pink mink: https:estee.cm3lkos8j sip eye pencil in onyx: https:estee.cm2gbm0f0 multi-effects mascara: https:estee.cm3jyjekp sculpting lipstick: https:estee.cm3l9kpfc feelin' catty @helle.beauty slays this purrrfect halloween transformation using our born to glow radiant concealer soft matte lip cream in 'amsterdam' epic ink liner you asked. we nailed it! also just launched today adding that sparkle day or night is our new glitter crush nail polish load up the colour on its own for a true glitter effect or swipe over the top of your favourite revolution nail shade swipe to see both shades⁣ two shades available:⁣ totally mine silver sparkle⁣ dream kiss pink sparkle⁣ £5€5.99$7 timeless classic @hindash used precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown to enhance @camiromer’s natural arch! tag a babe who loves neutrals @evestyle82 cherry-red lips and a dramatic wing. add this look to your holiday glam inspiration. global artistry ambassador @morganemartini used in blacquer, eye-conic palette in cherrific, and in oh miley! on @justjenaye. shop our collection on marcjacobsbeauty.com. always wear a smile we're going mad over pro artist @mainmua's wicked transformation here's what you'll need to recreate the look: jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' epic wear liquid liner in 'black' epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' glitter primer face body glitter in 'crystal' shout loud satin lipstick butter gloss matte setting spray @daisymarquez brought the volume on the morphe set w our new now available on morphe.com stores! we are loving this cool-toned fall look on @valeloren products featured: ultra precise brow pencil in brunette, stay all night micro-fine setting mist, halo glow setting powder in light, bite-size face duo in spiced apple, retro paradise lip shine kit! tap to shop about to crack @illuminarty transforms herself into a creepy marionette doll using our sfx face and body paint epic ink liner jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' inspo: @jordanhanz who else is obsessed with the @alia.sam we can’t get enough of this look! @raquellelynnette spices up her glam with our @mariale amor caliente eye cheek palette. it’s freakin bats! @mua.desirea slays this spooky graphic liner using our epic wear liquid liner in 'black' inspo: @cadaveraglam we’ll get straight to the point is the clear choice for creating super fine, hair-like strokes to get the most natural brows possible! available in 12 shades to match every brow at @sephora @shannonwarf gilty as charged. our o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer is back, now in a covetable, cherry-adorned compact. add head-to-toe reflective radiance in the shade gilty—a warm, peachy gold. available now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. our cbd collection is nourishing, soothing and everything you need for the cooler weather what’s your go-to from the collection? shop now on elfcosmetics.com @tayloranise bleeding hearts which deadly shade from lil' bit psycho is your fave?! @bakeandglow smoke and mirrors @shantaniabeckford is devilish but divine in iced out @ashleyswagnerxo gets her soft, textured brows with in shade 1 in medium brown! find both at @sephora what do you think of our precious glamour collection? there is one offer you don’t want to miss out on and that is exclusively on revolutionbeauty.com we are giving you 20 off when you buy 3 or more products from the collection limited time only! our muse @bellahadid wearing the glow face palette 003 pure gold, which revisits yellow gold in its pure form. dior backstage glow face palette 003 pure gold dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold this is one glam drop you don’t want to miss out on! as part of our precious glamour collection, the megastar eyeshadow palette crystal luxe brings together 20 shades of shimmering golds and silver mixed with matte and metallic earthy neutral, deep blue and purple hues our eye brow filler fills in small gaps of your eyebrows, making them beautifully dense. it makes me so happy seeing all of your comments and reviews thank you so much my loves! i love you all so much @mayaxamjad @selmaalidini @nilamholmes @medusabeautyy @monakattansquad the precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palette crystal luxe brings together 20 shades of shimmering golds and silver mixed with matte and metallic earthy neutral, deep blue and purple hues simran from team revolution is wearing shade 'sparkle' from this palette with our 3d faux mink lashes in 'minky' can we all take a minute to appreciate @amiraglam her bomb lashes?! using: mascara @wishfulskin honey balm jelly moisturizer @wishfulskin get even rose face oil hydrating and nourishing lip balm @kayali citrus 08 fragrance look backstage. camera ready. @jilla.tequila gets the finishing touches of her scene-stealing look done before walking the spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear show at the grand palais. get the look: ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre éclat lumière stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils la palette sourcils le volume révolution de chanel 10 noir les 4 ombres 334 modern glamour les 4 ombres 322 blurry grey le crayon lèvres 162 nude brun rouge allure velvet extrême 102 modern celebrate the 10 years anniversary of the iconic in 2010, kérastase went gold and presented for the first time the iconic elixir ultime.the first hair oil to combine five precious oils: camellia, argan, pracaxi, marula and maize germ oil. it was an immediate hit. developed for every women and to fit every hair type, elixir ultime is more than a hair oil that sublimates hair shine. it innovated the market for its versatility: it can be used as a pre-conditioning treatment before your hair wash; as a leave-in conditioner; as frizz control finishing oil, or as a thermo-protector leave-in to help with the blow-drying process, while protecting the hair against heat damage. recommended by hairdressers and loved by women, 10 years later, elixir ultime is one of the most loved kérastase products and the brand’s best seller all over the world. meet the iconic again at www.kerastase.com this time last year, we were in the south of france exploring the home of the black diamond truffle found in our ultimate diamond collection. tonight, we’re applying the luxurious ultimate diamond mask noir to transport ourselves back to the french countryside. tap to shop and join us. the perfect gift doesn't exi-... introducing the becca x @barbieferreira prismatica light essentials kit, featuring 3 shades of our best-selling highlighter for a gift everyone will love. shades included: champagne pop, our best-selling shade, a soft golden highlighter with pinky-peach pearl vanilla quartz, a creamy, light golden shade with pink pearl rose quartz, a universally flattering neutral pale pink highlighter with soft golden pearl @ruchipage is glowing in e.l.f. products featured: liquid glitter eyeshadow in disco queen bite-size eyeshadow in berry bad primer infused blush powder blush palette in light srsly satin lipstick in cider poreless putty primer tap to shop the mvp of your makeup collection. get 24 hours of oil-free, shine-free, life-proof coverage with our born this way matte foundation. available @sephora. how cute are these two?! repost @maftunascheekss twinning with my baby products used: in joy ride nude palette @hudabeautyshop life liner mascara together, we are infallible repeat after us.. you are strong, fearless and resilient. inside every woman lies this incredible strength that enables them to survive the toughest storms, win the biggest battles and climb the highest mountains. we have the power to overcome any obstacle. once you realise that you are unstoppabble, everything is possible! look for our have you tried it yet? products @walmart, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and at wetnwildbeauty.com look backstage. the makeup look for the spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear show was all about eyes. @luciapicaofficial mixed the grey hue from les 4 ombres 322 blurry grey with the black shadow from les 4 ombres 344 modern glamour to create a smoky effect on lids with a matte finish. get the look: ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre éclat lumière stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils la palette sourcils le volume révolution de chanel 10 noir les 4 ombres 322 blurry grey les 4 ombres 334 modern glamour le crayon lèvres 162 nude brun rouge allure velvet extrême 102 modern @malikalouback mouth off in style get next level lips with a layer of glitter blood alllllll the @getstonned gems on top mua: @pompberry leave a comment below with your favorite cookie flavor! there are truly no wrong answers here @gabrielle.shoots our pro tip brow liner styles your brows precisely and creates a natural look!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ used product:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pro tip brow liner n°15 brown tip⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @gretaaschmidt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @natalia.osipova.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ we’re going live with @thebrooksbrother tonight at 7.30pm join us as we continue to celebrate 2020 with some incredible black beauty creators! we’ll be discussing michael’s experiences in the beauty industry as a queer bi-racial black man see you soon! we've got a blush crush leave a comment below if you these two gorgeous blushes in sensuous rose and rebel rose! tap to shop them now! it's here! the revolution 2020 advent calendar is now available! featuring 25 exclusive makeup products and accessories, behind each door you'll find a revolution favourite an exclusive shade or maybe something completely new which no one else has! with 25 doors of joy, this advent calendar to gift yourself or someone else for the perfect countdown to christmas tag a friend who might like it! halloween sfx makeup madness w @jordanhanz dreaming of jet setting off to vacation... our jet set hydration kit includes mini sizes of e.l.f. skincare for staying hydrated on the go or at home jet set hydration kit includes: daily face cleanser prep and hydrate balm daily hydration moisturizer nourishing night cream illuminating eye cream tap to shop for $15! @diamond.atx what’s your shade? infaillible 24h fresh wear foundation is an ultra-thin liquid that blends smoothly and comes in a wide range of shades to match your skintone. let your skin breath, no matter your skin type, no matter you shade. you’re worth it! @wishfulskin @itsstashi put on her happy face look inspired by @illuminarty the iconic oil can be used in several different ways: 1. as a pre-conditioning treatment: apply one pump to brushed hair, section by section and massage. apply a small amount of water to emulsify and rinse well. apply recommended bath shampoo twice. 2. as an intense conditioner: apply one pump through mid-lengths and ends. rinse before applying your regular conditioner or masque. 3. as a heat protector leave-in: apply one pump to wet hair through mid-lengths and ends and leave in. blow-dry as usual. 4. as a curl serum: apply one pump of oil into your hands and apply one strand at a time twisting it through the curls and all the way into the ends. 5. as a styling product: apply one pump to area where frizz control is needed or when you need a hair shine boost. leave in. here at revolution we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born. 2020 will go down in history as a very memorable year for society around the world, especially in regards to the black lives matter movement. we saw the biggest civil rights movement in history during a global pandemic. in response to this we saw countless brands being reactive and pledging to commit their time and resources towards contributing to a better future for black people. black history month isn’t the end of this commitment for us but, we hope, a very strong beginning. grab a drink and watch this live with the incredible @thebrooksbrother as we discuss michael’s experiences in the beauty industry as a queer bi-racial black man. make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! halloween in 3 weeks?! she was born ready get set to slay with these savage shadows, badass brushes and a hit of glitter blood to top it all off @dupethat a kaleidoscope of colour is coming @makeupobsession x @illuminarty launching 09.10.2020 for the past year i’ve been working on this in secret and i’ve poured my entire heart and soul into it, it’s been a huge dream of mine and to see this come to reality is beyond surreal literally shaking typing this! i haven’t been able to put these down since i’ve had them and i hope you love them half as much as i do! your way. dual-sided instant fix concealer allows you to prep, conceal, or both! follow up by adding flawless coverage that you can customize with stay-in-place matte powder foundation medium, full or sheer coverage is up to you! tap to shop these tag a babe you'd watch with below @k80far what do you look for in a foundation? infaillible 24h fresh wear foundation checks all the boxes… 24h wear? lightweight? breathable formula? waterproof? sweatproof? transferproof? shade range? what’s your favorite feature? spice things up have you tried our limited-edition pumpkin spice palette melted matte yet?! they smell as good as they look. tap to shop! @abigailvancee draco malfoy is shaking shop on morphe.com select morphe stores. closed we're giving away our new sfx face and body paint palettes to spooky beauties! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 2:00 pm pdt on october 8, 2020 and ends at 2:00 pm pdt on october 11, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. for complete rules, visit bit.ly3nzx3ut @shalomblac back at it! this beauty makes her brows look so snatchural snatchednatural using halloween inspo: rebel rebel ️get this look by using our liquid glitter eyeshadows in ocean eyes, bling bling and disco queen tap to shop for $5 and try it on virtually at @youcamapps! congratulations to @makeupbycaity you are the week 1 winner of our fantasy makers makeup contest 2020 and you have won $250! enter our fantasy makers makeup contest 2020 for the chance to win the $2,500 grand prize and 1 year on the pr mailing list! go to our ig story and swipe up for details or go to our on the fantasy makers exclusive limited edition halloween collection page on the homepage. grand prize winner will be announced on halloween october 31, 2020 watch @themegscahill bring the drama with our deadly stunning @getstonned gem set full video on our channel take your looks to the next level w these palettes that feature: matte brightener matte contour two bronzers two blushes two highlighter formulas creamy powder silk slip topper crimson opulence. cherry-bomb charm. sequin-studded starlet glides glamorously to the 1974 met gala. feelin' witchy @thepinkalien put a spell on us with this spooky slay she uses our epic ink liner to create the look good news: we’ve extended our friends family sale just for you! get 20 off plus free shipping on all orders at benefitcosmetics.com until 1010 with code: friends20 the best part? you can shop our friends family sale right here on instagram too, no code needed, prices as marked. @gabrielle.shoots @emilymkemp gets ready using ignite liquified light highlighter light gleam liquid eyeshadow topper in golden hour and hydra-light lip balm @maddieziegler swatches a few of the different finishes matte, shimmer, duo-chrome, and glitter from her the imagination palette @amythedutchess completes this otherworldly using our slide on eye pencil in 'jet black' 10 glamabronze face body bronzers shades to keep you bronzed and golden all year long⁣⁣ shades featured: supreme ideal for rich to deep skin tones⁣⁣ leader ideal for deep tan to rich skin tones⁣⁣ prodigy ideal for deep to deepest skin tones @darkskinnedmakeupdaily looking for a new way to prep your skin? our plump prime serum improves skin texture minimizes the appearance of pores while prepping skin for flawless makeup application! stock up @ultabeauty. “leave it to to wear fire-engine red when the impossible-to-come-by invitations call for black and white only, please.” -robert altman’s ‘the player’ 1992 you aren't dreaming...lip plumping gloss in pink sugar is really that good our lip plumping gloss has a high-shine plumping formula that gives a cooling sensation while it plumps your pout tap to shop brushes for bad bitches who has eyes for our killer queen eye brush set?! @dupethat we’ll take two of these brows, please! @linamourey completes @alexisfrasca’s glam look with left hand: lipstick with our magic fix finish. right hand: lipstick without our magic fix finish. do you see the difference?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ magic fix⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ happy fridayyyy my loves!!! hope you guys are having an amazing day!!! guys would love to know which foundation do you use? we have @makeupbsession on the channel today, telling us all about an exciting new launch! makeup obsession x @illuminarty we're super excited to announce that we’ve partnered with the insanely talented tiffany hunt to bring you a kaleidoscope of colour! available now at revolutionbeauty.com cruelty-free vegan kaleidoscopic dreams eyeshadow palette the palette with endless possibilities! featuring a rainbow of 34 shades, laid out to look like an artist’s palette. this bright bold eyeshadow palette boasts 26 mattes in every colour you could need, 4 foil-like metallics 4 duo-chrome shades that will transform any matte into a shimmer when applied on top £20€21.99$25⁣ kaleidoscopic dreams kohl eyeliner set a collection of 5 eye-catching pencil liners in bright neon shades. creamy easy to apply, these liners not only pack a punch on their own but can be blended together to create new colours £12€11.99$15 how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get an ultra glowy makeup look with the new backstage essentials? dior backstage glow face palette 003 pure gold dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold sooo weird....i can't stop watching repost @masteresthetician101 get to know the community. meet @rosalierouge favorite bare product: complexion rescue hydrating foundation stick and the mineralist lipsticks best beauty advice: use a double cleansing method to ensure you get all makeup and spf off from the day! follow @rosalierouge for more content we’re not the only ones loving it! our laser spf 20 day care is a must-have if you want to fight aging signs. it protects your skin against uv rays while correcting wrinkles. do you love it as much as we do? look, brows are the new lashes! have you already tried our new eyebrow products? products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box duo limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°4 soft taupe⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ check out these dreamy swatches of the makeup obsession x @illuminarty kaleidoscopic dreams collection featuring a 34 pan eyeshadow pallette and set of 5 neon eyeliners shop now at revolutionbeauty.com look backstage. the essential products used by @luciapicaofficial to create the stunning makeup look from the spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear show, held at the grand palais in paris. get the look: hydra beauty micro sérum hydra beauty camellia water cream ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils la palette sourcils le volume révolution de chanel 10 noir les 4 ombres 334 modern glamour les 4 ombres 322 blurry grey le crayon lèvres 162 nude brun rouge allure velvet extrême 102 modern le vernis 18 rouge noir we’re sharing something sweet and special. our first-ever collaboration with the new beautiful absolu is a rich, romantic floral with notes of blackcurrant, orris, vetiver and tuberose chronofleurs, an exciting technology that infuses tuberose with a dewy morning freshness and brings out an exceptional brightness. tap to shop new beautiful absolu eau de parfum! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation get matched in the tinted moisturizer @sephora: complexion rescue tinted hydrating gel cream. we're here to help you find your perfect shade. head to stories to find out how. did you know uv rays can cause 80 of skin aging signs? protect yourself with our laser spf 20 day care, and visibly reduce dark spots by 30 after just 4 weeks! if you're looking for a lightweight, oil-free liquid foundation with a semi-matte finish, flawless finish foundation is here for you available in 40 shades and at @superdrug if you're reading this, comment a to show your love for flawless finish foundation tap to shop for $6! does your lip gloss do this?! @soolmuaz plumps her lips with our new lip injection lip gloss in shade on blast! @maryandpalettes is full of spirit inspired by @vocallyshook glow on this season—sans the sunny vacation. o!mega glaze luminizer in gilty lets you cheat a tropic-kissed glow no matter where you are. tap to shop this golden peach highlighter on marcjacobsbeauty.com. you're gonna hear her roar @mcdrew is showing off a whole other side of leos in our blacklight highlight palette only availble online @ultabeauty @beautybaycom promotion are you as excited as we are what will be in the advent calendar of @paulvalentine in cooperation with artdeco and other brands? what do you think will be in the little boxes? figure it out! the calendar has been launched october 01, 2020, and costs 149 with a merchandise value of more than 550 there will be no restock. you can get it in three different jewelry colors gold, silver, rose gold the collection with endless possibilities! discover a kaleidoscope of colour with the makeup obsession x @illuminarty kaleidoscopic dreams eyeshadow palette £20.00 $25.00 €21.99 neon khol eyeliner set £12.00 $15.00 €11.99 shop now at revolutionbeauty.com don't know what to be for halloween yet? we gotchu pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry uses our haunted dollhouse ig story filter to trace on our newlywed undead @mimles who wouldn't want radiant skin? laser spf 20 day care by is the perfect shield to protect your skin against uv rays while fighting aging signs. immediately your skin is hydrated, firmer and skin tone looks more even. what's your favorite horror movie?! drop it for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! @julibake add these lip-savers to your beauty lineup! our lip care collection is infused with indulgent ingredients that plump lips with moisture, leaving you with tap to shop your new favorites! foundation heaven catch all our foundations for 30 off exclusively on the @ultabeauty app through 1011! why is this called, hello halo? because it's a heavenly combo of blush and highlighter get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and always at wetnwildbeauty.com hold me. i can't. @missjazminad slays this intricate edward scissorhands using our white liquid liner epic ink liner are you unbearably glam or a neutral fox? embrace the magic of the season with our enchanted beauty makeup unbearably glam set and foxy neutrals set! available @sephora @lexusmperezz has stolen our hearts for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! dreaming of positano, italy tonight. what destination is on your travel bucket list? @casaangelinalifestyle stunning @alaashabana96 soo happy you love it it's your fav gorgeous!!! repost @alaashabana96 i found a new favorite mascara have you guys tried this one yet? @hudabeautyshop legit lashes will have your lashes look like falsies! @hudabeauty “venus” liquid lipstick discover a kaleidoscope of colour with the makeup obsession x @illuminarty kaleidoscopic dreams eyeshadow palette £20.00 $25.00 €21.99 neon khol eyeliner set £12.00 $15.00 €11.99 shop now at revolutionbeauty.com create the sweetest smokey eye with bite-size eyeshadow in truffles tell us your favorite halloween candy below tap to shop bite-size eyeshadows for $3 look backstage. leading lips. model @sherryramsayshi gets her makeup done before the spring-summer 2021 ready-to-wear show. for this glamourous look, @luciapicaofficial created subtly matte lips using le crayon lèvres 162 nude brun and rouge allure velvet extrême 102 modern, a peachy brown hue, on top. get the look: ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre éclat lumière stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils la palette sourcils le volume révolution de chanel 10 noir les 4 ombres 334 modern glamour les 4 ombres 322 blurry grey le crayon lèvres 162 nude brun rouge allure velvet extrême 102 modern elixir ultime is the iconic routine to boost hair shine. with the beautifying power of precious oils at the heart of its formula, elixir ultime will leave your hair soft, healthy and incredibly radiant. let's take a closer look inside 1. marula oil: provides weightless nutrition and anti-oxidant protection 2. camellia oil: for suppleness and intense durable shine 3. argan oil: hydrates and smooths the hair fiber 4. corn germ oil: locks in moisture and protects the hair find out more at www.kerastase.com pro artist @makemeupchris creates this deadly skull makeup using some of our halloween essentials bare with me radiant perfecting primer born to glow naturally radiant foundation can't stop won't stop concealer precision brow pencil in 'ash brown' control freak brow gel modern dreamer shadow palette epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' on the rise volume liftscara makeup obsession x @illuminarty available now at revolutionbeauty.com cruelty-free vegan make sure you are following @makeupobsession for all the updates and more looks using this amazing new palette and for your chance to win the collection in tomorrow’s competition! full-on crazy always leaves her mark dig your claws into this wild palette in time for halloween what’s better than you ask? quite possibly nothing…except a limited-edition bottle and pink ribbon bracelet that helps fund life-saving research for @bcrfcure get the same glow you love for a great cause and discover more at the link in our bio. benebabes have spoken the reviews are in, and gets for 12-hour waterproof wear! shop all 12 shades of our award-winning brow pencil at @sephora! sunshine in a compact. glisten like a ripe cherry with o!mega glaze luminizer in gilty. leave a in the comments if you’re adding this highlighter to your wishlist this holiday season. never trust the living! @ryankellymua uses our white liquid liner to complete this beetlejuice inspired giveaway closed congrats @amanduh, @rmbeauty, @cat.teeth, @claudiaisabelle15, @itsleeshu, @styledbysabrinak, @jokerasay, @lizzystardust, @navpaquino, @make.upbychelsey! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 10 lucky winners to win @daisymarquez make it big mascara pr box lash goodies! what you'll win: signed @daisymarquez make it big mascara pr box the big prime lash primer lash curler @grandecosmetics lash-md lash enhancing serum eye makeup remover how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: favorite morphe falsie? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 101220 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 101320. we've got a little early holiday cheer coming soon...stay tuned next week. if liquid glitter eyeshadow in purple reign were a spooky potion what would the ingredients be? tap to shop the gel-based, long wear liquid glitter eyeshadow for $5 a matching eye look is just another great reason to wear a mask. @daniellestein gets her look using light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in shade refract, a sky blue primer and rainbow topper. she added pressed highlighter to the inner corner and brow bone for an extra glow on her way out the door. @sarinanexie recreates @milk1422's little red riding hood face chart using our epic ink liner micro brow pencil in 'ash brown' hot hot hot swatches coming through from @maquillageitup for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! how often do you wear eyeliner?⁣ everyday⁣ on the weekend⁣ rarely⁣ never⁣ create a sharp, fluid, and smudge-proof wing every time with our better than sex eyeliner. @dylandavii has us crawlinggg over his freaky look made with our ultimate matte palette best part about our cakeless concealer? the cushion tip! it’s the perfect size shape for getting into all those hard-to-conceal places! attn: beauties! you don't wanna miss this! we'll be hosting a live illusion masterclass next week with the illusion queen herself, mimi choi! join us live on tuesday at 12pm pt as @mimles spills the tea one of her most popular illusions banana skin! we can't wait for mimi to teach us how she references real objects to create her illusion makeup looks. so set your alarms, grab a banana, and let's get ready to learn from the best! glampire vibes @laurenrohrer is serving up the spooky with a glitter blood lip and shadows these products are they said it, not us head to elfcosmetics.com to shop products mentioned: camo concealer sponge, bite-size eyeshadow in rose water, sheer slick lipstick in dragon fruit and liquid glitter eyeshadow in flirty birdy @makeup2themaxx what’s your trio of choice?! eyebrows are the frame of every face! all eyes on the brows. tag your best friend to create a brow styling together. used products: 2 in 1 brow perfector eye brow powder n°15 brownie clear lash brow gel our new precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palette diamond edition swipe to see the shades! amazing transformations by the talented @paintedbyspencer i want him to do my makeup vid1 @hudabeauty complexion perfection pre-makeup base in pound cake vid2 @hudabeautyshop bawse and boy collector demi matte liquid lipsticks topped with snobby lip strobe vid3 model @colleenheidemann @hudabeautyshop life liner double ended eyeliner liquid pencil gorgeous looks by @slayedby.vee using purple khaki haze obsessions a full eye of glam! @nailasworld used our precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palette diamond edition with our precious glamour butterfly lash mascara to create this glamourous look the perfect balance! our laser spf 20 day care cream is simply perfect! it fights wrinkles and protects your skin against uv rays. no wonder why our consumers love it! add a touch of glam to any look three classic shades with a butterfly imprinted on the bullet, wrapped in gorgeous rose gold packaging, with a 90’s inspired removable and adjustable butterfly ring so hollywood classic deep red coming soon⁣ regal pink nude⁣ extra fancy nude⁣ cruelty-free and vegan taken directly from the seeds of the camellia oleifera flower, the precious camellia oil is known for its nourishing qualities. composed of oleic acid, linoleic acid and vitamin e, its nutrients can smooth and calm any hair type, creating the ideal conditions for high shine. in the huile originale the camellia oil adds suppleness and intense, lasting shine to the hair! this.packaging.though we love the glamour! do you love it as much as we do?⁣ revolutionbeauty.com exclusive offer buy 3 or more products from the new precious glamour collection and save 20 today is world mental health day. celebrate by finding a few minutes to take care of yourself and connect with your support network. in celebration of world mental health day, becca continues to honor our commitment to the mental wellness of all people. @jedfoundation @loveislouder a little wink can send a big message. did you know every wink, blink, and squint can accelerate eye aging? don’t worry! eye concentrate matrix cushions against damage from micromovement. tap to shop now! get a little spicy this weekend with our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette! our sexy, sparkling eye shadow palette makes transitioning your look from daytime dreamy to nighttime sultry easy as pie! @lapetitechicmommy in with the crisp weather and in with hydrating buildable coverage. get your complexion rescue tinted moisturizer now in recognition of give yourself some tlc and take care of your mind, body and soul we love to practice self-care with a mindful skincare regimen: set the mood dim the lights and burn a candle separate each step of your routine with a few deep breaths when applying products, pay attention to how each one feels as you massage it in taking care of your skin is an act of self-kindness what are some ways you like to take care of your mind, body and soul? share them with our community below did you catch our live with @thebrooksbrother? we discussed michael’s experiences in the beauty industry as a queer bi-racial black man, played a fun beauty game and gave a shout out to some of his current favourite black beauty creators head over to our igtv to catch up on our conversation.⁣ make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020 complexion rejuvenation! revitalift laser spf 20 day care cream is enriched with... 3 pro-xylane, to reduce the appearance of wrinkles and femodel facial contours. the spf20, protects against damaging uv and uvb rays, which helps prevent the formation of photo-induced discolorations. we're quite fawn'd of this look @bdockk for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! maneater @beautybybb is capturing hearts -then breaking them- with her slay the iconic dior lip maximizer has been enriched with gold shimmer this season, highlighting the lips' curves with golden light. this plumping lip care will bring fantastic volume, comfort and shine to your lips! dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold enter our creepy competition and win an at-home studio kit and a revolution makeup bundle worth £500 all you have to do is join the challenge! 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection⁣ 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional⁣ we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. a lil pumpkin spice never hurt nobody pro artist @beccalynzmua has us feelin' all the fall vibes with this festive products used: micro brow pencil fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil in 'clear' jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' epic wear liquid liner in 'white' epic ink liner epic wear liner sticks in 'pure white' on the rise volume liftscara soft matte lip cream need an extra helping of holiday cheer? add instant radiance with o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in gilty. artistry by @morganemartini using the collection on @justjenaye. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. rose gold realness our bh signature rose gold brush set has all you need for expert application precision 13 brushes brush cup for under $20 a pretty mighty mini. this small packs a powerful punch. tap the link in bio to try our fastest repair ever! new love at first bite @amythedutchess for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! with these highly-pigmented metallic and brights red and assorted you can create any look so don't be afraid to get creative! get them @walmart, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and at wetnwildbeauty.com the pink party is here to build brows better! platform: make filling shaping brows easy get the job done fast! ensure that anyone can have great brows! this is your daily reminder to vote! whether you mail-in your ballot, drop it off, or cast it at the polls, your vote your voice count for important election deets, text voter to 26797 our eye brow powder makes your brows appear very natural and creates a perfect shape!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°6 light⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°3 brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°5 medium trick r' treat @blendbunny uses our og epic ink liner to slay this cult fave spooky season has got us feeling...vampy discover ultimate lipstick love in rich fall shades of mauves and berries. truffle a warm rosy nude orchid a cool pinky plum mauve a cool dusty rose hibiscus a cool bright plum merlot a cool red berry maroon a cool deep plum. @glambygilly is giving us all the fall feels! she wears our born this way super coverage concealer shade golden beige. if you've got it, haunt it @laureneileenmakeup look inspired by @jennseren for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! it's not about about our new precious glamour collection, we are feeling halloween-y with @makeupbygisziegiss using our sfx ultimate face paint palette to create this look! lightning fast results once you apply our laser spf 20 day care cream, you will immediately notice that your skin is hydrated, and appears firmer and more toned. after 4 weeks crow's feet wrinkles are visibly reduced. tell us, who would you recommend this product to? over the past 10 years, hair oil has become one of the most desired products of hair care lovers. in its drops, five precious oils are collected: marula oil, argan oil, camellia oil, pracaxi and corn germ oil! a sublime experience to awaken the beauty of your hair! watch as @salwarajaa shows us how she applies the iconic elixir ultime: 1. apply up to 3 pumps of oil into your hands then onto hair. 2. work your way down from mid-lengths to ends. 3. style as desired. use the edition of o!mega glaze luminizer to bestow a brilliant glow from head to toe. available on marcjacobsbeauty.com. the perfect fall look doesn't exist— @jvongphoumy uses our hydrating camo concealer in light beige for a flawless base in this gorgeous autumn eye look what's your favorite fall color? tap to shop pika, pika chu @makeupmaylen uses our epic ink liner to transform herself into pikachu inspo: @sarinanexie luxury, but make it spooky @alexfaction's got halloween in the bag with some help from our translucent setting powder zooming into @highonlifestylee’s brows to see how she did that the secret to her perfect is in shade deep brown! pamper that pout w the new glassified lip oil includes moringa, jojoba, and coconut oil for shiny, super-moisturized lips and a sheer wash of color for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code lessplease morphe stores! one swipe pigment our creamy, new sfx face body paint palette is really all that mua @thetonyabrewer created a cotton candy skies on @maddieziegler⁣ mesmerizing eyes with maddie’s palette. grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code lessplease morphe stores! @rileytaylor⁣ @lostvegasamandaclark uses our matte liquid liner to create this colorful clown x skeleton mashup don't forget to love your e.l.f. today have an e.l.f. care moment with our facial oil mists formulated with unique blends of essential oils to provide a boost to mind and body tap to shop the six different scents for $5 grateful we made it through another week. what are you thankful for right now? tell us below. these shades are a must-have for fall. create all the cozy vibes with our born this way eye shadow palette, melted chocolate eye shadow, and diamond light bronzer. tap to shop @sephora. v important q: which 3 are you choosing to be in your squad? pennywise michael myers trick ‘r treat sam sanderson sisters casper beetlejuice for a limited time grab the volume ii for 30 off on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! @trendmood1 hands up if your brows could use some moral support right about now you’re in luck—we’re now available for virtual brow consultations! head to the link in bio to sign up for your free 1-on-1 and a special discount offer afterwards make sure you check your spam folder for the confirmation email! no budge retractable eyeliner is ultra-pigmented and will last through your entire day of binging halloween movies without a smudge tap to shop for $4 get lit in time for with our bh x get stonned drop dead gorgeous gem set over 75 killer stones in four varieties, plus a custom double-sided applicator so you can place them wherever good vibes only @stephanieahn fills in her brows with adds warmth to her cheeks with matte bronzer! are you excited to try our perfect color lipsticks? which one is your favorite color?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown from left to right:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°820 creamy rosewood⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°818 perfect rosewood⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°834 rosewood rouge⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°948 electric violet⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ magic fix our gift shop is now open! from gift sets to stocking fillers, we’ve got options for every budget head over to www.revolutionbeauty.com and have a browse today let us know what you like the look of and maybe tag a friend you want to drop a hint to! is committed to fighting against street harassment with stand up, a training program developed in partnership with @ihollaback. get trained and join the movement! link in bio. @ihollagram have you had a look in our gift shop yet? what will you be buying for yourself, or for someone else? @pinkpanda.hr @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, presents the holiday gold collection and demonstrates how to use the brand new glow palette and dior lip maximizer. dior backstage glow face palette 003 pure gold dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold dior backstage glow face palette 004 rose gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold dior backstage glow face palette 005 copper gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold repost @wishfulskin i made get even rose oil for myyyself!!! @huda i honestly can't explain how it completely transformed my skin just look at the difference between my face and my chest- it’s insane! the texture and quality is sooo different. this oil has incredible ingredients that help heal and transform the skin. there is: damascus rose oil to help clarify the complexion soothe the skin rosehip oil to even the skin tone reduces the appearance of dark spots carrot seed oil to moisturize tighten the skin baobab seed oil to rejuvenate nourish the skin all are amazing and all are in get even rose oil don’t forget to share your pictures with us my loves xx the precious camellia camellia is the natural epitome of preciousness. its perfection comes from its gracefully shaped petals and the hidden richness of every drop of its essence. its imperceptible scent makes it ideal to allow the blooming of the captivating fragrance. these shades though! the forever flawless palette enchanted has18 shades of transition and cool tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadow formulations which one is your favourite shade name? take the stand up training on our dedicated website in bio. everyone can be part of the solution. who does @lovegracee trust to keep her eyes looking bright? the at of course! and so should you! hydration, brightness, visible repair are just a few of the benefits our eye treatments offer. tap to shop now! today to celebrate international day of the girl, we're celebrating the girls and women in our lives that inspire us to be the best version of ourselves and show us what it means to who inspires you? tag them and tell us below. here at bareminerals, we're passionate about empowering women through education. that's why, this we're celebrating our non-profit partner @girlrising for their incredible work. head to the to hear from one of their documentary subjects. promotion win, win, win! today you can win a beautiful @paulvalentine advent calendar artdeco and other brands cooperated with. conditions of participation:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 1. like this post⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2. follow @paulvalentine @artdecocosmetics⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3. tag a friend in the comments⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ launched october 01, 2020⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ price of 149 merchandise value of more than 550 no restock⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ calendar is availabe in three different jewelry colors gold, silver and rose gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this raffle runs till october 16, 2020, 9 pm and is not connected with instagram. the winner will be informed via message afterwards. only people with residence in europe can participate.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ which lippie are you reaching for today? spam the comments below via emoji! the halloween countdown is on! keep tagging us in your looks we love to see them! @makeupbycariii has created this look using the makeup revolution x carmi @carmimua kiss of fire palette, focus and fix eye primer, bake and finish luxury powder, conceal correct in white it's so hard to choose one when they're all srsly so good. tap the shop our lip products all under $5 lip lacquer lip gloss $3- beautiful color with maximum shine sheer slick lipstick $5 sheer wash of color with hydrated, silky smooth feel srsly satin lipstick $3 ultra-smooth application with intense color payoff not clowning around @makeupbyvictoria is nooo joke, completing this look with our brilliance bronzers only available on @beautybaycom survey led by 78 of women have experienced sexual harassment in public spaces. time has come to stand up. learn how to protect yourself. link in bio. yes please to this double, double, toil and trouble moment @thetrashmask for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! make your cheekbones pop like @madamealexandra. global artistry ambassador @morganemartini created this glowy look using the o!mega glaze luminizer in gilty. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. at @nyxcosmetics, we are proud allies to the lgbtq community, and are honored to support our partners @nyxcosmeticscanada worked with @itgetsbetter to facilitate the safe space sessions, which fostered open, honest dialogue about how to navigate this exceptionally important time in one’s life. for more info, check out thesafespacesessions.com. for additional resources, head over to @itgetsbetter or @lalgbtcenter. blue light and late-night binge-watching go together, but late-night blue light can accelerate visible aging. hit pause on fine lines with eye supercharged complex then press play on late night movies! comment below with what you’re watching this fall. beauty to die for re-create this ghoulish look with the fantasy makers halloween assortment at your local @walgreens store and online, even better with a bogo 50 off sale this weekend mua photo credit: @jordanliberty; model: @officialgabija; hair: @louisemooninc hey boo-tiful @touchoflipstick inspired by @judastape for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! what revolution product is your favourite or a must-have for halloween? tell us! comment below tint squad out here looking fresh which one do you wanna try?! tell us below! @hyeddocos what are you guys doing for halloween this year? to me and mini jasmine @nourgiselle @huda eyebrows create the balance in your face and a perfect symmetry! for an expressive and self-confident look, this is the essential beauty must-have. product shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow filler⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ umm, can you say range?! no matter what look you'e going for this halloween beyond, our full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette has you covered @dupethat @chassydimitra wears our bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer bare with me revitalize set multitasking spray as a base for this rainbow lippie @brendalandworld is raising our spirits for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! who's adding skincare to the top of their to-do list on head over to our ig stories to put your hangover skincare skills to the test and let us know how you did in the comments! i heart revolution disney collection launches at the stroke of midnight 28.10.2020 make sure you are following @iheartrevolution for all the updates! @lorealparis is committed to deploy stand up worldwide since march 8th 2020. every day, people are trained on how to combat street harassment thanks to @ihollagram 5d’s methodology. now it’s your turn! link in bio. @soprimpjules loves our srsly satin lipstick-comment below if you are a fan as well shop on elfcosmetics.com for $3 @meicrosoft conceals brightens using our born to glow radiant concealer watch @sindiarifi treating her hair with the luxury it deserves. experience soft, smooth hair with the iconic infused with 5 precious oils, it is the perfect leave-in product to achieve incredibly soft shiny hair. experience major volume with our bestselling mascara, now in craveable, limited-edition packaging. leave a in the comments if you’re loving this beauty treat. available on marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon to @sephora and @harveynichols. all red everything @diana.cvz is bringing the heat in our ultra-versatile daisy marquez palette 50 off on our site right nowww smooooth this swatch of our butter gloss in 'red velvet' is delicious describe this palette in emojis only @makeupbyaleks for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! @aafrrin said pearls are a babe's best friend for a limited-time grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! no clowning around here you’re it for me @mimles breaks this creepy, clown illusion down with this mesmerizing makeup tutorial. snag our essentials at @ultabeauty to recreate the look sfx crème color palette in brights primary ultimate palette phoenix ultimate utopia face body glitter glitter primer can’t stop won’t stop concealers in soft beige light ivory pale epic wear liquid liners in red white stonefox black suede matte lip liner in spicy on the rise mascara epic wear liner sticks in pitch black pure white high glass illuminating powder 30 off sitewide, including our @madisonbeer channel surfing artistry palette rn on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! @trendmood1 as we join with in the global celebration of girls for we are proud to acknowledge that girls aren’t waiting for change—they are making change! here’s to seeing every girl for who she really is—a leader—and recognizing that is now. benefit cosmetics is proud to be a @girlsinc seeing blue@lizannelee uses hydrating camo concealer and poreless putty primer to create the perfect base for the ultimate blue eye look tap to shop we’re pulling out all of our pink shades in observance of breast cancer awareness. what's your favorite scary movie? we're screaming over @jessielynniac's graphic liner ft. our that's the point eyeliner in 'hella fine' inspo: @indiaclaytonmua giveaway alert! winners have been contacted via dm we’re so excited to partner with our fashion babes @meshki to put together the ultimate 2000’s glam kit for two lucky winners!⁣ prize pack includes: born this way eye shadow palette, better than sex mascara, lip injection extreme, melted chocolate eye shadow shade amaretto, hangover face primer, and a $500 aud @meshki gift card!⁣ here is how to enter: like save this post⁣⁣ follow @toofaced and @meshki⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣ us intl giveaway ends 1014 the winners will be contacted via dm. good luck! full terms and conditions on toofaced.com liquid or retractable eyeliner? how about both since is 30 off right now go crazy get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we dare you to describe yourself using just five emojis below! we’ll go first: @revolvebeauty you can always count on our essential products to create a long-lasting makeup!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3 in 1 make-up fixing spray⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ magic fix⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lash booster mascara base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ happy monday! we have picked our favourite face products and given you 20 off of them for 1 day only selected lines only, exclusively on revolutionbeauty.com! don't miss out, tap the link in our bio to shop now model @imarikaranja wearing the glow face palette 005 copper gold, the incarnation of gold with warm copper tones. dior backstage glow face palette 005 copper gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold is committed to fighting against street harassment with stand up, a training program developed in partnership with @ihollagram. get trained and join the movement! link in bio. it's october and we love seeing your makeup looks using our products! @lenchen.borkii has used our new forever flawless palette in enchanted shades star, haze, storm, frost, inky and vine! employees stand up against street harassment by taking the 5d’s training. like them, get trained and spread the word! we are all part of the solution. link in bio. @ihollagram the iconic elixir ultime hair oil has many benefits: nourishment, protection, shine, softness and a healthy, finished look. any type of hair, can receive this hair miracle. did you also know that there are 10 different ways to use this iconic hair elixir? 1. apply 1 or 2 pumps of elixir ultime huile originale on towel dried-hair to help detangling and to facilitate blow-dry. 2. use your elixir ultime huile originale as a thermo-protector leave-in. this precious oil offers a thermo protection up to 230 degrees. 3. with a few drops, get 24h anti-humidity protection. 4. apply 1 or 2 pumps of elixir ultime huile originale into your lengths and ends to reduce the appearance of split ends. 5. apply 1 or 2 pumps of the iconic elixir ultime to get 6x more hair shine immediately after application of your elixir ultime huile originale. 6. add 2 to 3 pumps of elixir ultime to your favorite kérastase masque before applying to the hair to get shiny boosted results. 7. add a drop of your elixir ultime huile in your leave-in cream to add shine and get a soft-to-touch hair finishing. 8. sublimate your at home blowout by applying a drop of elixir ultime and blasting your hair with cool air during the last two minutes of your blowdry to close hair cuticles and get a more polished look. 9. if you prefer to air dry your hair, apply 2 pumps on damp hair and let it dry naturally, it will help you with frizz-control. 10. apply a few drops of elixir in your lengths and ends before your regular wash to get extra nourishment and shine. find out more at www.kerastase.com dark chocolate? yes please! dark circles? no thanks. our eye care collection brightens dark circles while reducing visible puffiness. which eye treatment will you pick? ready for more? introducing the spark the light best sellers kit, a travel kit of our best-sellers to add a holiday glow to the face, body, and lips. kit includes: ignite liquified light highlighter travel size in shade passion, a pale, incandescent pearl that reflects gold backlight priming filter travel size ultimate lipstick love mini in shade orchid, a cool pinky plum it’s time! share a photo or video on ig of your best look for a chance to win $2500 and a full year on our pr mailing list! make sure to follow and tag us @wetnwildbeauty and include the hashtags haunt everyone around you with this look mua photo credit: @jordanliberty; model: @officialgabija; hair: @louisemooninc products used: multistick black -10 pan shadow palette pick your poison paint palette smoky false eyelashes twilight color mascara white paint pots iridescent face body gems ghostfriends 4 life @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com commit with to fight against street harassment. discover how to help a victim of street harassment using one of the 5d’s. enhance your knowledge: get trained on stand up website! link in bio. @ihollagram screen time way up lately? make sure you’re protecting your skin from harmful blue light with complexion rescue defense radiant protective veil. servin’ some fierce brows @robthemakeupartist wears in shade 4 to fill define them to perfection! that's right...putty primer minis the same formula you know love now in minis! shop all three in our new putty primer trio! for a flawless canvas, try applying poreless putty primer on more porous areas like around the nose and cheeks, luminous putty primer on the top of the cheekbones to add a glow and matte putty primer on your t-zone for a matte complexion. shop the trio on elfcosmetics.com for $9 gloss goals @greciii wears our lip injection maximum plump that hydrates, nourishes, visibly plumps lips intensely, immediately, and over time! we’re going live with @ericafmstyle tonight at 6pm join us as we continue to celebrate 2020 with some incredible black beauty creators! we’ll be discussing erica’s experiences in the beauty industry as a black woman see you soon! @t.rinluck is the black widow inspired by @dom.skii last day to grab 30 off everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code “lessplease” morphe stores! the revolution forever flawless eyeshadow palette in enchanted is the perfect addition to complete your halloween makeup collection containing 18 pan palette offers an array of transition and cool tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadow formulations came thru dripping in glitter blood show us how you're rocking this sinful sparkle! are you ready?? did you love the skin blurring finish of faux filter, but want something more natural, that would last all day long? meet our new stick foundation!! our first ever foundation stick is a lighter version of our og foundation with 39 buildable shades that are fragrance free, transfer-proof, waterproof and non-comedogenic!! buff it out with our new double-ended build buff brush for an airbrushed finish, and pair it with our that adds light hydration that keeps your makeup fresh and locked in place all day long! honestly, this formula is everything and i can't wait to see all of those gorgeous selfies no filter needed!! love you all so much launching online everywhere on wednesday 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com are you ready?? did you love the skin blurring finish of faux filter, but want something more natural, that would last all day long? meet our new stick foundation!! our first ever foundation stick is a lighter version of our og foundation with 39 buildable shades that are fragrance free, transfer-proof, waterproof and non-comedogenic!! buff it out with our new double-ended build buff brush for an airbrushed finish, and pair it with our that adds light hydration that keeps your makeup fresh and locked in place all day long! honestly, this formula is everything and i can't wait to see all of those gorgeous selfies no filter needed!! love you all so much launching online everywhere on wednesday 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com you guys know i've been teasing about a new addition to the complexion game for a while now and here it is... our new skin finish buildable coverage foundation stick water jelly hydrating primer!!! watch the full video the application now on youtube link in bio bad to the bone @pmxbeauty uses our bare with me cannabis radiant primer new sfx face body paint palette in 'primary' to transform herself into a deadly skeleton meet the eye experts! we’ve got two power-packed formulas for eyes to help you see the results you’re looking for and more. eye supercharged complex brightens dark circles in just three weeks and fights the look of puffiness, lines, and dryness. advanced night repair eye concentrate matrix fortifies, cushions, and gives eyes a fresh, “wide-open” look. which would you choose? tap to shop both of these experts now! here at revolution we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born. 2020 will go down in history as a very memorable year for society around the world, especially in regards to the black lives matter movement. we saw the biggest civil rights movement in history during a global pandemic. in response to this we saw countless brands being reactive and pledging to commit their time and resources towards contributing to a better future for black people. black history month isn’t the end of this commitment for us but, we hope, a very strong beginning. grab a drink and watch this live with the beautiful @ericafmstyle as we discuss all things beauty in the black community. make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! @mirandablake41 pulled herself together with a web of perfection last day to grab everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code lessplease select morphe stores! @chloeybeauty creates this creepy, crawly using our epic wear liquid liner in 'black' sfx face and body paint palette in 'primary' commit with to combat street harassment. discover how to help a victim of street harassment using one of the 5d’s. you want to learn more? get trained on our website. link in bio. @ihollagram talk about an instant glow up. new strength length mascara and brow gel deliver fuller lashes and brows instantly and over time. have you tried it out yet? get yours now @sephora through the hot hot hot!! meet our cinnamon bear makeup set full of warm wearable shades, plus an exclusive cinnamon bear shade of our iconic melted matte lipstick that makes it easy going from day to night looking like serious eye candy! available @sephora. flick it. wing it. draw it. whatever your eyeliner level, you can achieve any desired look with this felt tip liquid eyeliner pen available in 3 shades black shade now back in stock! whether you’re a beginner or an expert, the pen glides on seamlessly to complete the perfect flick, wing or graphic eyeliner look @caitlinrraine this artistry is not a joke last day to grab everything morphe morphe 2 on morphe.com w code lessplease select morphe stores! dreaming about a leave-in that combines heat protection while sealing your ends and gives you a smooth look? the iconic is the answer! watch @fashaddicti sublimate her hair with a simple trick: she adds a few drops of elixir ultime huile originale to her masque before applying to the hair! share with us your hair care secrets in the comments down below! get your iconic bottle now at the nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com craving a cultural reset? here’s what you’ll need: a cherry-red gown, a stately stallion and the unbridled nerve of the legendary studio 54. new york, 1977. copyright @robinplatzertwin images courtesy of @iconicimagesnet matte or dewy? mask-proof your spooky slay with a quick spritz of our dewy setting spray available now in a new xl size we can’t get over these colors! @alex.makeup.boss creates this look using the forever flawless birds of paradise palette! not so scary things are scary enough right now your brows and hair don’t have to be scary too! we’ve teamed up with @insertnamehere for a giveaway to help you express your selfie with a look that’s too cool for ghoul! two lucky babes will win a $300 inh gift card and over $300 worth of benefit products! to enter: follow @insertnamehere and @benefitcosmetics like this post tag 3 friends, along with @benefitcosmetics @insertnamehere for bonus entries: comment your fav halloween movie on our most recent posts share this post to your storyfeed and tag @insertnamehere and @benefitcosmetics tune into our ig live with benefit at 5 pm pst on wednesday giveaway ends on 1015 at 11:59 pm pst. good luck babes! you have the right to feel safe in public spaces. stand up to street harassment with and @ihollagram. learn how to protect yourself. link in bio. blink and you might miss something. all will be revealed tomorrow. stop clowning around and tell us your favorite spooky season movie get this easy halloween look using our srsly satin lipstick in pepper and crème try it on virtually at @youcamapps! tap to shop! @alyciamarie is so it'll make you shed a tear get the details on recreating her bitten look in our stories look includes: full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette killer queen 6 piece eye brush set glitter blood in honor of we’re celebrating some of the talented beauty artists in the native american community that inspire us tag and shout out your favorite native american artist in the comments below featured: @tifffay @nokomisfairbanksmua @indigenousbriii @tabitabitah @correnajoe @hozhomua @makeupbymarley22 @kayla.wauneka @bijahwahh @a.jartistry has us going frickin bats with this sultry she uses our epic ink liner to get the look you can let go and start over at anytime @mimles has us hypnotized with this inspired by illustrations by @milesart products used: vivid brights liners, epic ink liners, epic wear liquid liners, sfx creme color palettes, and ultimate shadow palettes. recreate this maraschino monochrome look from @morganemartini using our collection: 1. shape a sharp wing with in blacquer and line the lower lashes. 2. sweep shade extra from the eye-conic palette in cherrific across the crease. blend out in a hazy halo. 3. line the waterline with mini in cherry amour, from our limited-edition eye pick you set. 4. swipe on mascara for major lashes. model: @justjenaye nothing to add here. when it comes to makeup, less does more. that's why our clean, 5-ingredient formula has stayed untouched for 25 years. show your love for original loose mineral foundation below. sometimes all you need is @lillylashes to flare up your look shop on morphe.com select! @makeupbybrooktiffany your makeup routine just got a lot more spicy. bring out the bold in your glam with these 12 sexy shades in our @mariale amor caliente palette! get yours @ultabeauty. see @tiarramonet get a full look using our prismatica face palette and finish it off with the prismatica lip gloss kit. obsession-worthy, according to @lindseyharrod our lengthening mascara made it onto her list of current faves! crease so sharp it could cut @amythedutchess uses our slide on eye pencil in 'jet black' to slay this fierce that are dripping in unleash your inner with full-on crazy an over-the-top array of shadows four is better than one our powder blush palette in light has four gorgeous shades for wearing alone or mixing and matching with buildable color tap to shop for $8 spotted: our cheetah girl @aafrrin rocking bellini blush available online @ultabeauty it’s good to be a voter starting today, every order on benefitcosmetics.com ships with our limited edition “i am a benebabe. i am a voter” enamel pin! get your pin while supplies last and text voter to 26797 for info on registration, early voting, polling places more! @iamavoter create you perfect look! our silky, long-lasting gel twist brow liner is all you need for a strong expression!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown: gel twist brow liner n°2 deep brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ gel twist brow liner n°3 soft brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ gel twist brow liner n°7 blonde⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ gel twist brow liner n°9 ash taupe⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new in! cleanse and purify skin to help prevent breakouts with the @revolutionskincare skincare charcoal facial cleansing bar do you have blemish-prone skin? are you eco-conscious? this is the cleanser for you purifying charcoal helps to absorb and draw out dirt and sebum from the skin, for a deep cleanse glycerin draws moisture into the skin and shea butter helps to soften and condition skin the solid soap format uses less water and packaging than traditional cleansers, making it a great environmentally friendly option, and great for travel too vegan and cruelty-free £6€7.99$9 how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get an ultra glowy makeup look with the new backstage essentials? dior backstage glow face palette 004 rose gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold new in! introducing our @revolutionskincare clay charcoal cleansers available now at revolutionbeauty.com we know how much you love the original pink clay charcoal products, so we have done this all for you! all cruelty-free and vegan charcoal cleansing bar do you have blemish-prone skin? are you eco-conscious? this is the cleanser for you. purifying charcoal helps to absorb oil and draw out dirt and sebum from the skin for a deep and refreshing cleanse £6€7.99$9⁣ pink clay cleansing bar looking for a portable detox? massage this bar all over the face in a circular motion and let the glycerin help draw moisture into the skin £6€7.99$9⁣ mattifying pink clay mud-to-foam cleanser hoping to mattify whilst you cleanse? absorb excess sebum and dirt to leave the skin clean and balanced. £10€11.99$14 get your brows styled with our lovely artdeco beauty @rukiye.brows and her tutorial. pro tip: she blends her brows with concealer. used products: beauty box duo limited edition brows eyebrow powder n°4 soft taupe eyebrow powder n15 brownie 2 in 1 brow perfector ultra fine brow liner n°12 deep brunette perfect teint concealer concealer camouflage brush premium quality cleanse and purify skin to help prevent breakouts with the @revolutionskincare charcoal facial cleansing bar charlie from @teamrevolutionbeauty shows us how to use the product for best results lather with some water and rinse skin twice a day, morning and evening we have an exciting announcement coming your way! can you guess what it is? how do you choose your elixir ultime oil? there are three oils for each hair type and hair needs. 1. l'huile légère: the sublimating bi-phase oil mist ideal for finer hair is boosted with intra-cylane to provide thickness, body and shine to dull hair. through a gentle perfumed application, fine to normal hair seeking shine is deeply treated, and frizz visibly appears controlled for up to 96 hours, even in 80 humidity. 2. l'huile originale: this all-star leave-in hair oil provides deep nutrition to dull hair with heat protection for up to 230°. it seals split ends and smooths the hair fiber for long-lasting frizz control. hair is instantly vivified through 48 hours of visibly intense shine. 3. l'huile rose: infused with an exceptional combination of imperial tea extract; white tea extract to enhance the true depth of color, camellia oil; that smooths hair for an irresistible shine, and marula oil; to bring active nutrients hair needs to a silky feeling. hair is deeply nourished and durable frizz control. to have healthy beautiful hair, it's important to have a hair care routine adapted for your hair type and needs. find the nearest salon near you to have a full hair diagnosis with your hairdresser at hair-salons.kerastase.com a gift that's as good as gold revitalizing supreme is ultra-nourishing and smoothing revitalizing skin with healthy radiance and youthful glow. tap to shop and give the gift of 3 words: holy grail status. with skin-strengthening niacinamide, new skinlongevity long life herb serum is the only serum you need to pair with your favorite clean foundation. tell us your favorite skinlongevity foundation combo below. @sephora @mirandarachel.makeup new in! balance and cleanse to leave skin feeling refreshed with the @revolutionskincare pink clay facial cleansing bar do you have oil-prone skin? are you eco-conscious? this is the cleanser for you balancing pink clay helps to absorb excess sebum and dirt from the skin to leave it clean and balanced, whilst glycerin draws moisture into the skin and shea butter helps to soften and condition skin swipe to see the ingredient benefits!⁣ vegan and cruelty-free £6€7.99$9 glow in the dark nail polish no, we're not joking and yes, you need it for get it @target it’s primer day we’re celebrating with a giveaway!! winners have been contacted via dm we're all about staying flawless so we're sending five lucky winners our reinvented primed poreless primer! good luck, beauties!⁣ how to enter:⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣ follow @toofaced⁣⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣ how does @keshabyme glide on the perfect winged eyeliner? with our of course get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com wave goodbye to dry lips. hydra-light plumping lip balm is infused with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture. @popsugarbeauty x @macycate @foreverart @jessieleighh @anvitaareddy thank you soo much for your foundation stick reviews my loves!! psstt, here's a better clue... @glambymykaila is batty inspired by @oliviamakeup @glowbysoph yaaayyy sooo happy you love it baby!! when we were creating the shades, we were actually looking at this beautiful, beautiful woman to shade match because she told me how difficult it was to find a shade that matched her. love you sooooo much @christinaabiola @christinaabiola head to her youtube channel to watch her full review of our new foundation stick see the amaaazing look she created too!! launching online everywhere october 21st sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com congrats to our winners @daphsmakeup and @maddiepaigee10 we’ve partnered with @quayaustralia to give away two e.l.f.ing amazing prize packs! 2 lucky winner will receive: $400 gift card to quayaustralia.com $200 gift card to elfcosmetics.com rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @quayaustralia [2] like this post [3] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends friday, october 16th at 9am pt. no purchase necessary. the two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. wait til the end to hear what @maryamnyc's boyfriend thinks of our new foundation stick!! you guys have to check her youtube video to hear more hear how it compares to her faves thank you sooo much baby!! launching online everywhere october 21st sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com leave skin feeling refreshed with the @revolutionskincare pink clay facial cleansing bar lather with some water and rinse skin daily, am and pm vegan and cruelty-free £6€7.99$9 keep your makeup in place without a second thought: is mask-friendly, transfer-resistant and sweat and humidity-resistant. it's a halloween mood @lenaaleew inspired by @craftskies @wanderingjaye @dendoll creates a soft, neutral smoky eye on @haileybieber using their favorite picks. complexion rescue hydrating foundation stick hailey's shade is cashew barepro glow highlighter in free endless summer bronzer in faux tan endless glow highlighter in fierce gen nude eyeshadow palette in neutral strength length brow gel in coffee strength length mascara gen nude over under lip liner in borderline mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick in insight gen nude blush in beige for days it’s not just fast… it’s five star fast the reviews are in, and ultra-fine tip is a winner! @sephora from every end, comes a new beginning. here's a lil from our campaign shoot tune in to mimi choi's illusion masterclass today at 12pm pst for a live demo on how she references real objects to create her intricate illusion looks only on our ig live @rosymcmichael @mimles talk about a transformation @cheririi is staring into our soul with searing shadows @getstonned gems lil' bit psycho 8 color shadow palette ddg x get stonned gem set you are just one step away from getting these dense and voluminous brows you've always dreamed of! our tinted brow filler evens out sparse areas in your eyebrows and makes them instantly look thicker and fuller. new in! cleanse and purify skin to help prevent breakouts with the @revolutionskincare pink clay mattifying cleanser swipe to see the ingredient benefits and texture! our best selling pink clay ingredient is back, now in an innovative mud-to-foam cleanser format for cleansing and mattifying skin pink clay is beloved for helping to absorb excess sebum and dirt to leave the skin clean and balanced. formulated with glycerin to help draw moisture into the skin, and black cohosh root extract known for soothing and reducing redness vegan and cruelty-free £10€11.99$14 @anikakialani used our eyelid primer in black to purrrrfection all eyes on @safai305 she wears our born this way eye shadow palette and better than sex eyeliner. this is listen to the queen of illusions, mimi choi, spill the tea on all things during her ig live masterclass today at 12pm pst exclusively on our ig live @mimles you guessed it! l'oréal paris has officially joined tiktok follow us at @lorealparis and let's get creative together...link in bio! did you catch our live with @ericafmstyle? we discussed erica's experiences in the beauty industry as a black beauty content creator, played a fun beauty game and gave a shout out to some of her current favourite black beauty creators head over to our igtv to catch up on our conversation.⁣⁣ make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020 with the beautifying power of 5 precious oils, leaves hair soft, healthy and incredibly radiant. get inspired with @lisahaydon starting her day right with a few drops of the iconic elixir ultime huile originale. how about you? how do you start your day? we’ve come a long way transforming brows more! since 1976 watch @oohweeeg chat w @mimles about her career, artistry and bananas bh x rock the vote giveaway closed it's almost that time to slay and vote! 20 lucky winners will receive our exclusive bh x rock the vote lip set. to enter:⁣⁣⠀ follow us and @rockthevote on instagram⁣⁣⠀ tag 3 friends who are ready to use their voices⁣⁣⠀ good luck! winners will be announced on tuesday, 1020 at 10am pst between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org congrats to our winners: @jordynfreedman @brklynshoebabe @sophiagegunde @beautylushy @makeupanmadness @glowupwithheather @mahuuum @purplefriday1 @isobelle17 @sophiasaur924 @b.karemfull @c.tiemens @sammiedv @sweetheart7778 @e.mua.ly @sylk781 @caliprotin @politiclegggg @flute4god @thaikaren simmer shimmer with the reveal and introducing @strashme as the face of our 2020 capsule collection! mua @lipsticknick 35xo natural flirt artistry palette out a pout sweet tea lip trio out a pout berry necessary lip trio brush lust 10-piece eye brush set bag eye face shimmer available in 4 shades, coming 113 mist me, mist you continuous setting mist duo everlasting love premium lashes trio launch dates: 1015 morphe.com, morphe stores @sephoracanada @officialbrownthomas @arnottsdublin @theofficialselfridges 1016 @douglascosmetics 1018 @ultabeauty 1022 @cultbeauty @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @themakeupspotnl @prettylittlething 1027 @meccamaxima introducing our 2020 collection! our holiday capsule collection is hitting all the hot notes 35xo natural flirt artistry palette out a pout sweet tea lip trio out a pout berry necessary lip trio brush lust 10-piece eye brush set bag eye face shimmer available in 4 shades, coming 113 mist me, mist you continuous setting mist duo everlasting love premium lashes trio launch dates: 1015 morphe.com, morphe stores @sephoracanada @officialbrownthomas @arnottsdublin @theofficialselfridges 1016 @douglascosmetics 1018 @ultabeauty 1022 @cultbeauty @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @themakeupspotnl @prettylittlething 1027 @meccamaxima issa primer party we have special deals on all your fave primers available online at nyxcosmetics.com wings with precision that won’t budge h2o proof eyeliner pen is here for you and all of your waterproof needs with a smudge-proof formula and an easy-to-use felt tip tap to shop for $6 going batsht for @unabananamaquilladamua’s creepy jack-o-lantern look in our ultimate matte palette @strashme is hitting all the hot notes as the face of our capsule collection mua @lipsticknick won hearts and the title of instant influencer on @jamescharles and youtube’s first-ever beauty challenge 35xo natural flirt artistry palette out a pout sweet tea lip trio out a pout berry necessary lip trio brush lust 10-piece eye brush set bag eye face shimmer available in 4 shades, coming 113 mist me, mist you continuous setting mist duo everlasting love premium lashes trio launch dates: 1015 morphe.com, morphe stores @sephoracanada @officialbrownthomas @arnottsdublin 1016 @douglascosmetics 1018 @ultabeauty 1022 @cultbeauty @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @themakeupspotnl @prettylittlething 1027 @meccamaxima today’s is from none other than @themarcjacobs. bejewel yourself in cherry-red sparkle for an instant pick-me-up. marc jacobs resort, 2015. closed we're giving away our spooky szn essentials to lucky winner! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:30 pm pdt on october 13, 2020 and ends at 3:30 pm pdt on october 15, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. in support of the @esteelaudercompanies breast cancer campaign, becca cosmetics is proud to donate $10,000 to the breast cancer research foundation bcrf. @bcrfcure is dedicated to advancing the world’s most promising research to eradicate breast cancer. icymi: we're celebrating primer day with our flawless, shine-free, and pore banishing primed poreless primer! tag a babe who needs to add this to their makeup routine! do you know what time it is? it’s time to go e.l.f.ing vote. voting never looked so how does it look to you? let us know in the comments rediscover our bestselling velvet noir major volume mascara in new delectable, cherry-covered packaging. inside, find the same famous formula for smudge-proof, instant length and volume. wfh glam @paox33 pairs in medium brown with in shade 4 to get these perfect brows! @theconglomerate shows off their loud lips their even louder voice slay your own way with our exclusive bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set a bright lippie duo plus cute co-branded bandana to wrap it all up between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org⁣⁣⠀ drop some movie titles below! we’ll go with friends with benefit, obviously look, brows are the new lashes! our new collection helps you to frame your face!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box duo limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°4 soft taupe⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ makeup that does more new from @revolutionpro today, taking over our grid to show you the new launches! our very first mascaras from revolution pro 3 now available each with it’s own function to suit you extreme lash volumising, extension lash lengthening and faux effect wide eye mascara all £10€11.99$15⁣ then swipe to see the revolution pro blush and glow palettes offer a trio of gorgeous baked shimmery blush, highlight and bronzing powders and are available in 3 shades £10€11.99$15⁣ shop the new mascaras blush and glow palettes now at revolutionbeauty.com the @revolutionpro extension lash lengthening mascara is the perfect mascara to lift lashes to make them appear instantly longer. this mascara has been specially formulated with vitamin e to help lock in moisture and retain lash length, argon oil to help promote shine and peptides to help promote smoother and voluminous lashes. it features a tapered jumbo wand which helps to stretch lashes for extreme length, combing them from root to tip. encased in a gorgeous sleek blushed leopard print design, this mascara is the perfect addition to your makeup bag. get your hands on our new mascaras at revolutionbeauty.com we are going live with @theplasticboy tonight at 6pm join us as we continue to celebrate 2020 with some incredible black beauty creators! will be discussing gary’s experiences in the beauty industry and more! see you there! feline eyes for a couture look! discover a series of beauty shots starring our beauty ambassador @iamkiko. hair makeup: @rieshiraishi1220 photo: @bun5o production: @akane226 5 couleurs couture 649 nude dress diorshow 24h stylo waterfproof 781 matte brown diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black dior backstage rosy glow 001 pink dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal rouge dior 567 rose en dior the @revolutionpro faux effect lash wide eye mascara black is the perfect mascara to separate and lengthen the appearance of lashes for an incredible fanned out effect this jet-black mascara has been specially formulated with a cocktail of ingredients to create a true wide-eye effect; with jojoba oil to help promote shine and lustre, vitamin e to help lock in moisture and retain lash length, and peptides to help promote smoother and voluminous lashes this mascara features an hourglass shaped wand which helps to stretch the inner and outer corner lashes and coat all lashes from root to tip. encased in a gorgeous sleek gold leopard print design get your hands on our new mascaras at revolutionbeauty.com it's show time! you can now find us on tiktok, head over to the app and follow us at @lorealparis. the real fun begins now... link in bio! the @revolutionpro extreme lash volumising mascara is the perfect mascara to load up lashes to make them appear instantly thick and full this mascara has been specially formulated with hyaluronic acid to help lashes appear like there’s more lashes, vitamin e to help lock in moisture and retain lash length and peptides to help promote smooth, voluminous lashes this mascara features a jumbo wand which helps to load up product for incredible volume but combs through to ensure the lashes don’t appear clumpy, boosting the volume and making it seem like you have more lashes. perfect for everyday wear, or to take your look to a more dramatic evening look get your hands on our new mascaras at revolutionbeauty.com every tells a story the story of beautiful starts in 1985, when our founder estée lauder introduced her new fragrance to a group of beautiful people, including artist andy warhol. 35 years later, the limited edition beautiful absolu eau de parfum is a modern interpretation of andy warhol’s favorite housed in a new iconic bottle. tag a friend to share the story! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation. the best way to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the iconic elixir ultime is by sharing your wonderful reviews! thank you for your trust and love. what do you love about elixir ultime? tell us in the comments down below! and don’t forget to leave a review on our website www.kerastase.com load up lashes to make them appear instantly thick and full with the new @revextreme lash volumising mascara tiny palette, big vibe our limited edition mini salted caramel eye shadow palette is full of warm tones buttery accents that create endless, seductive looks! it smells like salted caramel, too! want it? you got it! if you haven't done it already... follow us on tiktok at @lorealparis and get your creative juices flowing. link in bio! feeling all the spooky szn vibes with this look @lishalovesmakeup uses our putty eye primer in black to make her eyeshadow pop tap to shop! bold colour iridescent light for the face and eyes how are you wearing the becca x @barbieferreira prismatica face palette? @sarinanexie carved herself like a pumpkin you can catch us in the kitchen attempting to bake this cake today. anyone else treating themselves for @chefchloe no filter needed!! our beautiful kristina is only wearing foundation stick in vanilla 120b no photoshop or facetune or retouching launching everywhere online on weds 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com the new @revolutionpro blush and glow palette offers a trio of gorgeous baked shimmery blush, highlight and bronzing powders perfect for on-the go application, apply to give the skin a subtle shimmer, all over glow, targeted highlight, or build up for a more intense strobe effect ️each palette has been formulated with a mix of shimmer and marbled powders and encased in a gorgeous gold palette, perfect for gifting or keeping for yourself swipe for swatches available in three colour-ways:⁣ rose glow a subtle rose pink blush with complimenting highlighter and bronzer.⁣ cranberry glow a rich deep cranberry blusher with complimentary highlighter and bronzing tones.⁣ peach glow a soft peach blusher with complimenting highlighter and bronzing tones.⁣ get your hands on our new blush and glow palettes at revolutionbeauty.com his skin looks insane!! our sweetheart jayven is only wearing foundation stick in gingerbread 430n no photoshop or facetune or retouching launching everywhere online on weds 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com eyebrows give your face the perfect balance and symmetry!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ brow filler n°6 soft brunette⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ our stunning ibtisam is only wearing foundation stick in peanut butter cup 455r no photoshop or facetune or retouching launching everywhere online on weds 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com perfection!! how amazing does our beautiful myriam look?!?! wearing only foundation stick in shortcake 315b no photoshop or facetune or retouching launching everywhere online on weds 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com when the lighting hits your brows just right @edgarsmakeup defines his gorgeous brows with our pen in light brown! so beautiful!! our amazing remi is wearing only foundation stick in ganache 560r no photoshop or facetune or retouching launching everywhere online on weds 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com check out our gorgeous althea, her skin looks like silk!! wearing only foundation stick in shortbread 200b no photoshop or facetune or retouching launching everywhere online on weds 21st october sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com kiss of death @themegscahill rocks a killer pout with glitter blood lips and adds some eye candy with the bh x get stonned drop dead gorgeous gem set skincare regimen goals. we love this luxurious routine: start with ultimate lift regenerating youth treatment lotion and follow with our emulsion for deep hydration. next, layer ultimate diamond transformative energy creme to awaken the skin’s inner light. finish with ultimate diamond eye creme. psa do not forget to use the roller for a mini eye massage! tap to shop makeover your medicine cabinet today. this is what happens when you mix glitz, glam, and ghoul into one look create it with our products @walgreens stores and online, made more tempting with their bogo 50 off sale. mua photo credit: @jordanliberty; model: @officialgabija; hair: @louisemooninc 17 days till @blendbunny the @revolutionpro blush and glow palettes offer a trio of gorgeous baked shimmery blush, highlight and bronzing powders each palette has been formulated with a mix of shimmer and marbled powders and encased in a gorgeous gold palette. shop yours now at revolutionbeauty.com here at revolution we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born. 2020 will go down in history as a very memorable year for society around the world, especially in regards to the black lives matter movement. we saw the biggest civil rights movement in history during a global pandemic. in response to this we saw countless brands being reactive and pledging to commit their time and resources towards contributing to a better future for black people. black history month isn’t the end of this commitment for us but, we hope, a very strong beginning. grab a drink and watch this live with the incredible @theplasticboy as we discuss all things beauty industry with gary, a black male beauty creator. make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! lookin’ peachy is pretty effortless. add glamorous dimension to your peachy glam with our sugar peach face eye palette. available @sephora. don't mind us, just zooming in on our new strength length serum-infused mascara. the vegan formula helps to strengthen and lengthen lashes instantly and over time. @makeupbymegt get your must have halloween products w @oohweeeg and @maritz08 to get the ball rolling, we're kicking things off with our head over to tik tok and show us the best you can do! link in bio! wait! let me fix my hair smooth your locks and give them a high-shine finish with the l’huile originale. featuring a mix of 5 precious oils, its formula leaves your hair looking radiant and ultra-glossy! watch @camilacoelho showing us how it's done! get your iconic bottle now at the nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com caught up in @chestermua's cobwebs pictured here wearing our belgian waffle highlighter palette available online @ultabeauty cozy up to warm, neutral shades this season with eyeshadow in fierce safari and defiant nude. these all-in-one are sure to be an everyday staple in your fall wardrobe. our favorite kind of ft. here is our new sfx face body paint palettes eyes, lips, face and nails our goodie gumdrops nail set has 10 cruelty-free nail colors ranging from everyday neutrals to the most glam glitters shop now on elfcosmetics.com for $10 the pigmented primer from light gleam can double as an eyeliner for an easy way to add a graphic pop of colour to your eyes. @tynanbuck used lunar in the crease, added red star to deepen it, and then used dusk to finish the look with a sharp wing. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended liquid eyeshadow with a long-wear pigmented primer a twinkling topper for multiple looks. dying over cameron's recreation of his newlywed undead look from the campaign he uses our sfx face body creme colours in red black white for this deadly slay take full advantage of these 35 sultry shades from 35xo natural flirt artistry palette and show everyone that less can truly mean more which shade is your fave? launch dates: 1015 morphe.com, morphe stores @sephoracanada @officialbrownthomas @theofficialselfridges @arnottsdublin 1016 @douglascosmetics 1018 @ultabeauty 1022 @cultbeauty @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @themakeupspotnl @prettylittlething 1027 @meccamaxima she's a killa slay every eye look with our killer queen 6 piece eye brush set when you need a backup for your backup stock up with our duo available for $25.35 normally $48 for a limited time at @hsn! i am the pumpkin king @julianna.mur transforms herself into jack skellington using our epic ink liner @erosmua amped up @bretmanrock's lashes using our perfect pout feat. @makeupemalii she tops off her look with our lip injection extreme! we’re so proud to be a part of conscious beauty @ultabeauty, an initiative for brands to provide transparency about and commitment to product sustainability. by being a part of conscious beauty, we are empowering you to make purchasing choices that align with your personal values. wet n wild has always been and proudly remains cruelty free. visit ulta.comconscious-beautyfor more information. there’s always time for a mod, cher-ry moment. february 1975. warning: e.l.f. concealers might cause users to experience high levels of feeling yourself @emilygriggs shop our concealers at elfcosmetics.com drop your fave product @trendmood1 the countdown starts now. our collection will be available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, sephora europe, and @harveynichols this friday, october 16th. i'm not a cat, i don't say meow @imogenhearts uses our sweet cheeks creamy powder blush matte in 'rose play to complete this cute lil milk-over @shamelesslydia is throwing those stunning daggers with a hit of slayer sparkle get the look: full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette bh x get stonned drop dead gorgeous gem set goddess energy @teairawalker gets her immaculate brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown feelin’ good as hell. @lizzobeeating stuns in a full face of becca, by makeup artist @iwantalexx. lizzo wears: the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette, shades prismify and glimmer on the cheeks. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in red star. alexx used the pigmented primer to create a wing, and used the twinkling topper on the center of the lid for a multidimensional effect. he then used prismify from the prismatica face palette to add even more dimension to the lid. he finished the look by defining the lips with ultimate lip definer in chill and ultimate lipstick love in dune. other products used: backlight priming filter ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation hydra-mist set refresh powder in golden bronze sunlit bronzer in maui nights mineral blush in lantana happy hump day, benebabes! which mascara will you be wearing this weekend?! the precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palette diamond edition brings together 20 shades of shimmering rose gold, beautiful bronze and champagne hues, teamed with matte mineral neutrals and wine shades want a full face of glam? shop the whole collection, including three butterfly lipsticks, two bling bomb lip glosses, a crystal ball loose body shimmer, two illuminators, two eyeshadow palettes and a glitz up mini eyeshadow palette cruelty-free and vegan. reveal your feline instinct with the dior 5 couleurs couture palette 689 mitzah, as seen on @iamkiko. hair makeup: @rieshiraishi1220 photo: @bun5o production: @akane226 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah dior backstage rosy glow 004 coral dior addict stellar halo shine 620 face star limited edition our new precious glamour butterfly lash mascara is a buildable formula that will add volume to lashes for a fanned out, fluttery finish. instant glamour wrapped up in stunning rose gold packaging, with a 90’s inspired removable and adjustable butterfly ring cruelty free⁣ vegan the perfect match! meet our our 1st skincare-infused concealer... the new true match eye cream in a concealer! it gives you the care of an eye cream and the radiance of a concealer. glam lashes! @nailasworld used our precious glamour butterfly lash mascara to show us the before and after for this fluttery and volumised finish get pure shine opulent volume with the must-have range to beautify hair with this customized 3-step beauty routine for shiny and extremely radiant hair. sublimate hair shine following the full routine: step 1: bathe your hair with the bain elixir ultime to revive the hair fiber by generously nourishing it with all the nutrients it needs for a silky feeling. step 2: treat your lengths with the masque elixir ultime to restore strands. this mask can be used occasionally as a deeper treatment for fine hair or as a regular treatment following the shampoo for normal to coarse hair. step 3: finish off your look with a few drops of the iconic elixir ultime huile originale to add that shine! get your hair care routine now at the nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com this photo carries a wealth of knowledge, grace and unconditional love. to the mother that birthed me, the grandmother that helped raise me... thank you for your beauty advice and guidance. @dominiqueiam. with new we celebrate lessons passed down through generations. we want to hear your stories! tag your posts with for a chance to be featured. newness alert! take your lash game to the next level with the only lashes worthy of the name better than sex! our new better than sex faux mink falsie lashes are available in four different styles that will transform your look instantly! available on toofaced.com! our new oval complexion brushes give your makeup an airbrushed look with a flawless blend available in 3 sizes- small, medium and large. spam the comments with if you are excited to try them out tap to shop! 8 shades of correction! powered by 0.5 hyaluronic acid, our innovative hybrid concealer not only corrects your under eye area, it also provides you with intense 24h hydration to minimize the appearance of imperfections and fine lines. we want you to sparkle day or night instant glamour added with our new glitter crush shade in pink sparkle! load up the colour on its own for a true glitter effect or swipe over the top of your favourite revolution nail shade boo @gabxxrielle's look is scary amazing! she used all products to make this look, too products used: multistick black 10 pan shadow palette pick your poison paint palette smoky false eyelashes twilight color mascara white paint pots iridescent face body gems ghostfriends 4 life @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com hydrating, caring and lash boosting! our lash brow power serum is absolutely a beauty must-have!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @natalia.osipova.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @gretaaschmidt⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ let's get wild with alll the colors in our full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette @vitakis.beauty from dusk to dawn, new is our go-to serum and should be yours too! use in the morning to help protect your skin from pollution throughout the day, and before you sleep to take advantage of the natural restorative process at night for radiance and moisture. 2x a day to keep your skin glowing, always! tap to shop @typicalwhitegirlsfx is giving us major 90s vibes with this lisa frank inspired she wears our sfx creme colours tame frame brow pomade to get the look the cutest ever @joyjah rocks fluffy, dreamy our 2020 collection is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores, @sephoracanada @officialbrownthomas @theofficialselfridges @arnottsdublin eye face shimmer available in 4 shades, coming 113 more launch dates: 1016 @douglascosmetics 1018 @ultabeauty 1022 @cultbeauty @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @themakeupspotnl @prettylittlething 1027 @meccamaxima fake a full night’s sleep using the 3 steps in blur lines under the eye and prep for makeup with becca cosmetics anti-fatigue under eye primer instantly neutralize dark circles with becca cosmetics under eye brightening corrector set under eye makeup and instantly brighten using becca cosmetics under eye brightening setting powder. @sephora @sephoracanada meet the dolls! @rosymcmichael @ashlevi share how they became real dolls for halloween break out those fall palettes and pair it with a matte lip. we suggest our limited edition shade pumpkin spice to capture all the cozy fall feels! @strashme is the face of our 2020 capsule collection and she’s showing off shimmering nudes and blushing berries with the new now available on morphe.com select morphe stores, @sephoracanada @officialbrownthomas @theofficialselfridges @arnottsdublin mua @lipsticknick more launch dates: 1016 @douglascosmetics 1018 @ultabeauty 1022 @cultbeauty @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @themakeupspotnl @prettylittlething 1027 @meccamaxima enchanted @beautybyleanne has tried out the forever flawless enchanted palette to create this look this palette speaks to my grunge soul!!⁣ also using conceal glow foundation, conceal infinite concealer, mega bronze in shade 'cool', it’s here: our biggest brow deal of the year! magnificent brow show features 5 full sizes of all our brow bestsellers for just $49 ...that’s a $120 value! volumizing gel cream-gel pomade available now in shades 2, 3, 4 5 exclusively on ig until 1019 just tap on the product tag to check out directly in the app and get free shipping! life may not be perfect all the time, but your hair can be! @emrata ‘s beauty secret to keep her luxurious lengths is a few drops of it is her absolute most loved product! make it yours too! get your iconic bottle now at the nearest kérastase salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com who knew pennywise liked to get glammed up?! @nikki.paint is it in our spotlight highlight palette available online @ultabeauty show off that flirty side all season long with the playful 35xo natural flirt artistry palette now available on morphe.com select morphe stores, @sephoracanada @officialbrownthomas @theofficialselfridges @arnottsdublin more launch dates: 1016 @douglascosmetics 1018 @ultabeauty 1022 @cultbeauty @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @themakeupspotnl @prettylittlething 1027 @meccamaxima @nyane uses our born to glow highlighter palette studio perfect primer for a flawless, glowy base mercury in retrograde but make it a look get to infinity and beyond with this out of this world look using our 18 hit wonder eyeshadow palette tap to shop for $14 inspo: @kickiyangz she's alive @jessamarieastrid @samanthartistry is giving 'em pumpkin to talk about smooth texture, smooth skin. smoothness bare haven moisturizer is oh-so soft and transforms rough, dry texture into smooth, supple skin. layer your lids in cherrific’s cherry-cola hues to lay on charm with eyes that mesmerize. artistry by @morganemartini using the limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific and velvet noir on @madamealexandra. for sexy, scary and everythinggg in between our glitter blood is the ultimate finishing touch for fright night she's sharp! complete any look with our og epic ink liner calling all lash lovers! instantly transform your look with our new better than sex falsie lashes. these vegan, cruelty-free, 3d faux mink styles are reusable so they are designed to last and last and last. stock up on toofaced.com! @naezrahlooks will have her revenge on fleet street collaboration w @lillyteel fresh-faced beauty @deepica adds to the fullness of her brows with gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4 warm deep brown! voting never looked so good @lizzobeeating wearing a full face of becca by @iwantalexx, including: new becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in shade red star backlight priming filter ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation hydra-mist set refresh powder in golden bronze sunlit bronzer in maui nights mineral blush in lantana ultimate lipstick love in dune ultimate lip definer in chill drop your fave emoji below @julibake creates this spoopy using our epic ink liner epic ink liner are you ready for your close-up? mascara gives you the look of faux lashes and gets your eyes macro-ready. congratulations to @elliotsfx you are the week 2 winner of our fantasy makers makeup contest 2020 and you have won $250! enter our fantasy makers makeup contest 2020 for the chance to win the $2,500 grand prize and 1 year on the pr mailing list! go to our ig story and swipe up for details or go to our linkinbio on the fantasy makers exclusive limited edition halloween collection page on our homepage. grand prize winner will be announced on halloween october 31, 2020 @themegscahill is a stonned seduction add slayer sparkle to your face, body and hair with these limited-edition gems check out our stories to bh x get stonned drop dead gorgeous gem set full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette killer queen 6 piece eye brush set drop some heart eyes in the comments if this is the makeup haul of your dreams! for all lipstick lovers! our magic fix creates a longlasting and kissproof finish for your favorite lipstick! our revolution friends are so important to us so we are giving you 25 off when you shop at revolutionbeauty.com this weekend we really appreciate all of you, and we want to give something back share the love to all your friends so they don't miss out! hit the link in our bio to shop now use code rev25 at checkout, exclusively on www.revolutionbeauty.com. offer ends 8am bst tuesday 20th october. excludes sale items. for full terms and conditions head over to our website. did you catch our live with @theplasticboy? we discussed all things beauty with gary, played a fun beauty game and gave a shout out to some of his current favourite black beauty creators head over to our igtv to catch up on our conversation.⁣⁣ make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020 it's a supersize superhero day! we have supersized 2 of your favourite @revolutionskincare lines that both launch today first up, it is our iconic revolution skincare 2 salicylic acid serum in a supersize bottle! save money and help save the environment whilst doing it; if everyone made the switch we'd save 4 tonnes of bottle packaging a year! swipe to see some of your reviews key benefits:⁣ targeted blemish serum⁣ helps to reduce the look of blemishes⁣ encourages a clearer complexion⁣ cruelty-free and vegan available now £14€16.99$20 supersize superhero day continues one of your favourites, the revolution skincare 12.5 vitamin c serum, is now supersized famed for its skincare benefits, vitamin c is an antioxidant that’s known to help skin regeneration and help improve skin radiance this radiance super serum will boost your glow and encourage a smooth skin texture swipe and have a read of the reviews of this serum!⁣ save up to 20 and help save the environment whilst doing it, if everyone made the switch we'd save 3 tonnes of bottle packaging a year! cruelty-free and vegan available now £16€19.99$23 is more than a hair oil that sublimates hair shine, it is also known for its versatility. it can be used as a pre-conditioning treatment before a hair wash; as a leave-in conditioner, to tamp down flyaways and to help with the blow-drying process. developed for every women and to fit every hair type, and known for its iconic fragrance, elixir ultime is a perfect gift for you and your loved ones. get the iconic bottle now at the nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com join us at 10am et today for an ig live with @alexandrapereira! alexandra will be sharing her self-care skincare routine to wind down for the weekend, featuring new and her favorite wind down with alexandra pereira's relaxing nighttime skincare routine! @alexandrapereira shows us how she practices self-care skincare with the new and her shop alexandra’s https:estee.cm3k4yf8n⁣ eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm3dzggyh⁣ revitalizing supreme light: https:estee.cm353jrg5⁣ nighttime rescue lip oil-serum: https:estee.cm2h8kwhb⁣ nightwear plus 3-minute detox mask: https:estee.cm2idqglv⁣ happy birthday to our power of good ambassador @naomiosaka. leave a comment below to send the tennis superstar well wishes on her special day! fall glam inspo! @majdasakho looking like an absolute dream in our melted chocolate eye shadow shade chocolate chai, better than sex eyeliner, and melted matte lipstick shade gingerbread man. this supersize hero is back in stock our iconic revolution skincare 10 niacinamide 1 zinc was already supersized for you swipe to read your reviews!⁣ key benefits:⁣⁣ 60ml double the size of the original⁣⁣ ideal for oily, congested and blemish-prone skin⁣⁣ helps reduce the look of blemishes and pores⁣⁣ invisible oil-free formula⁣⁣ formulated with calming and soothing zinc⁣⁣ gentle enough for everyday use⁣ our hydra care lipstick n°40 nature oasis brings up the perfect nude lip color. talk about a true match our true match eye cream in a concealer does the trick! it instantly covers dark circles while providing the care of an eye cream. the eye area looks fresher and less puffy in just one week and is suitable for sensitive skin. did you find your shade? get ready to go wilddddd with all these colors from our collections check out our horroscope glitter palette, our neutral and smokey paint palettes, and @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com how many p.s.l.s have you had this season... be honest. have another but in lip balm form with our new ride or die lip balm in pumpkin spice latte why we are obsessed with ride or die lip balms: infused with jojoba oil and vegan collagen for intense hydration gorgeous sheer wash of color $5! seven delicious scents tap to shop! our skincare hybrid is an effortless last step in your routine to perfect the appearance of skin on your way out the door. becca cosmetics zero no pigment foundation has a unique, silicone-free formula hydrates and controls oil all day. giveaway closed! congrats @veeronicarxx, @beautycindyg, @karleighsurratt, @marissaeosorio, @monniccaa, @marlene2021, @mercedeskaye, @i5abellawackerfu55, @marvelouscouture, @sydneypalmer6! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 10 lucky winners to win our 2020 capsule collection! what you'll win: 35xo natural flirt artistry palette out a pout sweet tea lip trio out a pout berry necessary lip trio brush lust 10-piece eye brush set bag eye face shimmer available in 4 shades mist me, mist you continuous setting mist duo everlasting love premium lashes trio how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: what's your favorite part of the holiday season? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 101920 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 102020. @jeamkin brought the heat with these she gets the look using: foolproof brow powder 5 deep gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 3 neutral light brown goof proof eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown hear us roar @mimles uses our white liquid liner to create this fierce inspo: the digital art of @kaiju.ink tiger king on @netflix joke's on you @rogermuru is no fool in this full-on crazy look moth queen vibes the final look! @annalingis turned herself into this 'fierce moth queen' as part of our halloween at home series! using our new forever flawless midnight rose palette and enchanted palette, the ultimate face paint palette and our @iheartrevolution coconut scented baking powder find out more on the grid how to enter get to know the community. meet @damaris.c.stark favorite bare product: the original mineral veil is my secret for a flawless skin finish. my makeup lasts all day and looks so smooth and airbrushed- it's like a real life filter! best beauty advice: don't be afraid to try something new! beauty is fun and for everyone. follow @damaris.c.stark for more content chat time w @zoealexondra @cameronpulido dress-up friday jump into the weekend with a sophisticated pink look. get the look: les beiges water-fresh tint ombre première laque n°26 quartz rose baume essentiel golden light le volume revolution de chanel n°10 noir rouge allure velvet extrême n°132 endless @luciapicaofficial @giedre.dukauskaite chatting w our dark magic doll @jvongphoumy bye bye fine lines! minimize the appearance of imperfections and fine lines with true match eye cream in a concealer. it's fragrance free, paraben free and non comedogenic formula is infused with 0.5 pure hyaluronic acid for intense 24h hydration. the holy grail of all mascaras! better than sex volumizes, lifts, and coats both tops and bottoms of every little lash, every time!! available @sephora give ‘em lip with this full-coverage lipstick, high-shine gloss, and lip pencil in our best-selling shade sweet tea collection includes: matte lipstick in sweet tea lip gloss in sweet tea color pencil in sweet tea moth queen vibes the final look watch our latest igtv to watch how @annalingis turned herself into this 'fierce moth queen' as part of our halloween at home series! using our new forever flawless midnight rose palette and enchanted palette, the ultimate face paint palette and our @iheartrevolution coconut scented baking powder you can join in too and be in with a chance to win an at-home studio kit and a revolution bundle worth £500 all you have to do is join the challenge! 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection⁣⁣ 2. upload your look on instagram or tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional⁣⁣ we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. with precious camellia and sacred marula oil, l’huile originale is the ultimate favorite of our two beautiful ambassadors @salwarajaa and @philippineurvois. and you, what's your favorite elixir ultime oil? @justjenaye admires glowing skin, cherry-popped lips and sultry eyes fashioned with our new collection. artistry by @morganemartini. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. dress-up friday create this dreamy makeup look in a few simple steps. give your skin the warmth of a golden glow complimented by shades of pink on the eyes and lips. the result is fresh and sophisticated. get the look: les beiges water-fresh tint ombre première laque n°26 quartz rose baume essentiel golden light le volume revolution de chanel n°10 noir rouge allure velvet extrême n°132 endless @luciapicaofficial @giedre.dukauskaite dew drops on roses our iconic lip cheek stain is the go-to for a naturally gorgeous, low-maintenance look that lasts! these swatches of our ultimate utopia shadow palette speak for themselves they didn't come to they came to your ultimate holiday indulgence has arrived. feast your eyes on the limited-edition collection. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. the perfect team to create amazing skin holy hydration face cream: a lightweight moisturizer that nourishes skin and locks in moisture to promote a plumped up, bouncy complexion. gentle peeling exfoliant: this exfoliator gently peels away dry, dead skin, while bringing healthy, glowing skin to the surface. tap to shop i sense there's something in the wind @kaneshiashana applies our liquid suede cream lipstick in 'kitten heel's to complete this sally transformation inspo @luvekat click. care. correct! a blend of skincare and makeup, just how you like it! true match eye cream in a concealer naturally illuminates and awakens tired skin under your eye, whilst leaving you with a fresh, natural and radiant finish. behind every is a true artist like @eyerlingpulido dress-up friday reflect light with eyes dressed in liquid rose-metallic and skin in a golden sheen. create added freshness with a blurry-bold berry lip. add more layers for added intensity. get the look: les beiges water-fresh tint ombre première laque n°26 quartz rose baume essentiel golden light le volume revolution de chanel n°10 noir rouge allure velvet extrême n°132 endless product shown @luciapicaofficial @giedre.dukauskaite we dare you to look away. get into prismify, a warm vanilla shimmer, one of the five ultra-smooth shades from the becca x @barbieferreira prismatica face palette. beetlejuice, beetlejuice, beetlejuice! @dodgygrl is the ghost with the most in omg glitter! face body gel shade lemon lime light @perrinenavy is giving us it's just a bunch of hocus pocus vibes inspired by @bakeup. @milk1422 eyes. lashes. lips. skin. find tempting treats for all four beauty fundamentals with our new collection. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. artistry by: @morganemartini models: @madamealexandra @justjenaye alert we're treating 5 lucky beauties to our iconic ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:30 pm pdt on october 16, 2020 and ends at 3:30 pm pdt on october 18, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. get mistletoe ready with our new lip injection extreme plump tasty trio! embrace the magic of the season with our deliciously scented trio of our lip injection original, lip injection pumpkin pie, and lip injection christmas cookie!! @alanaschober of @poutbeautybar brought the bold the rhinestones to create this inspired makeup look! look created with: hint hint skin tint marshmallow palette @lillylashes in miami @plouisemakeupacademy rumor 2 autumn slays this electric using some of our makeup essentials here's the breakdown: jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' glitter primer face body glitter in 'blue' shaped glitter in 'electro' on the rise volume liftscara when you've got makeup skills like this, you need the perfect canvas which is why @artofadamgregory wears our get it @walmart, @amazon, @target, @ultabeauty, @walgreens, and always at wetnwildbeauty.com don't get tangled up in her web @olympically is haunting in this blacklight highlight glow available online @ultabeauty this neutral glam look is every thing @makeupbydaphnemarie wears hydrating camo concealer in medium natural for flawless and hydrated base that will never let you down tap to shop living for @leesondra’s quick, natural-looking brow routine! she uses to complete her brows! we have the cutest holiday kits for you featuring @hudabeauty @wishfulskin and @kayali!! available on @hudabeautyshop, @sephora and @cultbeauty check them out my loves to save big! perfectly shaped eyebrows can be done so easily with the right essentials! have you tried our new collection already?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ product shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palette crystal luxe brings together 20 shades of shimmering golds and silver mixed with matte and metallic earthy neutral, deep blue and purple hues cruelty-free and vegan we're crushin' on @gisellemakeup head over to our youtube channel to see how giselle creates this lil' kim inspired makeup look using revolution products 'i’m obsessed with the 90s era. i feel like it’s having a comeback now and it’s coming back even better because there’s better makeup than there was back then in terms of foundation and pigments that work on deeper skin tones. the 90s is interesting because black women were making this work for them using eyeliner for lip liner for example just to get the right depth etc. i think the 90s was just an iconic moment for black beauty and i wanted to celebrate that iconic era’ giselle⁣ as part of our celebrations, we're collaborating with giselle to dive into black beauty history! here at revolution, we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born.⁣ make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! care coverage! formulated with 0.5 pure hyaluronic acid, our true match eye cream in a concealer supplies your eye area with 24h hydration to reduce puffiness in 1 week and provides instant dark circle coverage. the revolution precious glamour crystal ball loose body shimmer will add a gorgeous all over glow apply to collarbones, shoulders and legs for that a glistening glow. a finely milled shimmer powder that catches the light for a multi-dimensional finish as part of our halloween at home series, @noelleplay has transformed herself into an evil pixie using the @iheartrevolution curses and hexes palette “with restrictions in place it’s looking unlikely that we’ll be able to go out for halloween but that doesn’t mean you can have fun at home!! so it’s competition time!!! 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection⁣ 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional⁣ we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. it’s been 10 years since was presented for the first time and it is now most iconic product. loved by women for its fragrance and versatility recommended by hairdressers, elixir ultime was the first hair elixir to combine the power of 5 precious oils to help women sublimate hair shine. in just a few pumps, this luxurious formulation nourishes, softens, and adds radiance to the hair while protecting it from daily aggressors. elixir ultime features nothing but the best ingredients and formulations that will leave your hair with an incredible shine. thank you for your trust love over the past 10 years. keep shining with elixir ultime! www.kerastase.com brighten plump skincare infused makeup, our true match eye cream in a concealer is enriched with 0.5 hyaluronic acid to replenish your skin with 24h moisture to reduce the appearance of fine lines and provide you with a dash of radiance for a youthful, awakened eye look. @esteelauder dropped the new and improved version of their amazing serum and it has everything you will ever need in a pretty little bottle collagen-boosting, skin firmingplumping, and smaller pores? i'm there tap the product to try it out yourself- your skin will thank you! @farrahbritt our favorite duo for fall? pair the new skinlongevity long life herb serum with complexion rescue hydrating foundation stick for skin-strengthening hydration buildable coverage and spf. @ultabeauty lock down your look with the best you’ve ever had” and the only false lashes worthy of the name better than sex. these weightless faux mink falsie lashes provide comfort for long wear and were designed to be reusable! a statement shade for every skin tone, every mood, every occasion. check out the collection of iconic ultimate lipstick love reds and corals. blaze a cool pinky coral nectar a warm bright coral flame a warm orange red candy apple a cool blue red tangy a warm true red rosewood a warm rich rose ruby a cool dazzling red cranberry a neutral cool red she's got angles total face sponge is mutli-sided to flawlessly blend every part of your face tap to shop for $5 it's halloween time again and @shazzwazz kicked off season showing off our forever flawless midnight rose palette this has warm browns and some stunning red tones in matte, foil and shimmers! each matte shade has a lovely rose embossed on to it! the packaging is a beautiful array of deep red roses! its perfect for autumn and winter looks and i know i will get lots of use out of this one! kick start that self-care glow up with curated wellness beauty gummy @suchgoodeverything bundles on morphe.com morphe stores only! beauty bundle grab both for $24 $34 value wellness bundle grab both for $21 $30 value it's prime time to start using our primer serum! you're makeup will look and your skin will be happy get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com lip care doesn’t always have to be boring. our color booster lip balm doesn’t just richly nourish the lips with apricot kernel oil, peach extract, and precious plant oils, it also has a boosting effect with color-adapting pigments that adjust to the ph of your lips.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @twintorials steals the limelight in our electric trendy in tokyo palette reminder: your voice is the most beautiful thing you own voting season is underway across the usa—how are you making your voice heard? text voter to 26797 today to solidify your voting plan put it into action! @shannonwarf styled by @petiterouge1 @chloeybeauty's is a scene right out of a scary story she uses our matte liquid liner white liquid liner to complete this spooky lip eye concentrate matrix is almost like a shock absorber for eyes. it cushions the delicate eye area from micromovements and reveals a fresher, more wide-awake look with the wave of its magic wand. do you love our new forever flawless midnight rose palette as much as we do? to celebrate the launch of this latest forever flawless palette we're giving you the chance to win £€$100 to spend on our new drops we'll pick three winners on this post! good luck!⁣⁣ to be in with a chance of winning all you have got to do is⁣⁣ follow us @makeuprevolution⁣⁣⁣ and guess how many roses are in the circle⁣ in the comments! like this post⁣⁣ for an extra chance tag some friends to make sure they don't miss out!⁣ tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 5pm bst on thursday 22nd october 2020. three winners will be chosen at random on this post. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. the winners will receive a £€$100 gift voucher to use at revolutionbeauty.com, depending on their local currency. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. 0.5 is all you need! get you a concealer that can do both! our true match eye cream in a concealer cares like an eye cream and brightens like a concealer. watch your fine lines reduce in size and in just 1 week your eyes will appear less puffy. who's ready to try this product? she’s alive @katiifirecat uses our retractable eye liner in black white to create this stitched-up slay our favorite derm @teawithmd is breaking down one of skincare's most popular ingredients: niacinamide. want to start incorporating it into your routine? you can find it in skinlongevity long life herb serum. to shop this look is @raniaoff wears our lightweight and waterproof born this way matte foundation in shade warm beige. run, don't walk these drop dead gorgeous swatches are bolder than they appear @dupethat full-on crazy palette lil’ bit psycho palette a dream come true for all blondes! we are still in love with the blonde transformation our muse @emrata did for the summer. going blonde is not easy. bleaching can leave your hair sensitized, increase hair porosity, and make it duller due to loss of precious moisture. however, with the right hair care routine, you can dare to go as blonde as you wish. is the first hair care line enriched with hyaluronic acid, edelweiss flower, and ultra violet pigments. it is the perfect match of neutralization and hydration the hair needs when going blonde from a dark base color as emily. with blond absolu, dare to go blonde. and we have great news! calling all the brazilian lovers, is finally arriving in brazil. you can now complement your daily hair care routine with a new nighttime gesture and sleep your way into a healthier blonde hair! o novo sérum noturno blond absolu cicanuit acaba de chegar ao brasil e é o sonho de todas as loiras! disponível em todos os salões kérastase, garanta já o seu! it's all about that halloween pumpkin from @sorceressofmakeup using the @thealexisstone instinct palette to create this eye look and also our conceal and hydrate concealer what is your favorite activity? @amythedutchess has us in the mood for a scary movie with this haunted she uses our slide on eye pencil in 'jet black' to slay the look want to see dark under eye circles disappear? just say the magic words, we’re kidding of course, but our advanced night repair eye supercharged complex does reduce the look of dark circles in just three weeks which is basically magic!. tap to shop now! a glamorous gaze that lures you closer. create this look—and so much more—with our new collection. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye nourished skin powered by hemp-derived cannabis sativa seed oil mini skin hit kit includes: puff puff primer: a creamy, hydrating primer infused with hemp seed oil and vitamin a and c. calm balm: a nourishing lip balm infused with hemp seed oil and sunflower seed oil. happy hydration cream: a luxuriously creamy face cream infused with hemp seed oil, vitamin b5, hyaluronic acid, and niacinamide. all the feels facial oil: a lightweight, non-greasy facial oil infused with hemp seed oil, squalane, and rosehip seed oil. shop now on elfcosmetics.com for $15 simply perfect @lizethramirez uses our new brow microfilling pen to get these natural brows! glam, but make it deadly @eirebrush wears our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation as a base for this gorgeous how i look when i turn up... to watch whatever is left on netflix. what's everyone watching tonight? @strashme is wearing everything from capsule collection. ultimate coverage longwear concealer instantly camouflages dark under eye circles and smooths the appearance of skin, with vitamin e and squalane to nourish throughout wear. a masterpiece @cianiadejesus makes a splash in the take me back to brazil palette give in to your holiday gift wishes. find limited-edition le marc lip crème in oh miley! and covetable gift sets online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. what's in your makeup kit? here are a few of our holy grails leave a below if you're in puppy love! glow all out with our adorable glowver highlighter sun puppy bronzer. @dalimakeup grab this limited duo of the full-size the mini continuous setting mist from capsule collection for only $20 $26 value! you can give one to your bestie or keep ‘em both for yourself no judgment benefits sets makeup to a smooth finish soft floral scent continuous, air-powered spray results in an even controlled application no capes! @klamourmakeup uses our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation concealer as a base for this incredible transformation holy hydration face cream fragrance free is packed with beneficial ingredients like squalane, hyaluronic acid, niacinamide and peptide complex for ultimate skin nourishment and hydration comment below if you prefer the og or fragrance free tap to shop! add a pretty pout to lavish lashes, plus gloriously glowing skin. the result? a look made with our new limited-edition holiday collection. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye poll: which one wins your heart?! vote in the comments! @shannonwarf it's all about beautifully shaped brows. welcome to our new collection: look, brows are the new lashes! we definitely have a product for every eyebrow need. comment below for your favorite product. products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ultra fine brow liner eye brow designer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ do you know about revrewards? our new loyalty scheme where you'll get closer to earning exclusive points, discounts rewards every time you shop swipe to find out how you can earn redeem points every 100 points £5€5$5 to spend! and see the benefits of our bronze, silver gold levels the higher your level, the more perks you get! head over to revolutionbeauty.com for all the deets.⁣⁣ a great weekend to boost your points if you use rev25 you can get 25 off everything in our friends family offer until 8am bst tuesday 20th november @iamkiko wears an intense red smoky eye look using the 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar. hair makeup: @rieshiraishi1220 photo: @bun5o production: @akane226 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar dior backstage rosy glow 001 pink dior addict stellar halo shine 667 pink star the revolution precious glamour illuminators will add glamour to any look available in two shades, champagne bronze and diamond silver, wrapped in bling-bling packaging, because we like to be extra like that cruelty-free and vegan each year, ten women are selected to receive $10,000 and a platform to support their philanthropic work through our women of worth program. one woman is then chosen by popular vote to receive an additional $25,000 toward her cause. on october 19, we welcome ten new incredible women to our and ask for your help in naming this year’s national honoree. visit womenofworth.com to learn more. link in bio. sexy. smokey. sultry. these beauties giving us such stunning khaki haze eye look inspo! which is your fav? @rosebeautym @makeupbyserenacleary @slayedby.vee @killukitty what colour nails have you got this weekend? we are sparkling with the new glitter crush nail polish in shade 'totally mine' repost @monakattan behind the scenes of our @hudabeautyshop skin finish foundation stick photoshoot i’m so proud of my skin lately, combining @wishfulskin get even rose oil and our new foundation has giving me the best glow! meet our strong skin essentials. use skinlongevity long life herb serum daily after cleansing. moisturize, then apply original loose mineral foundation. the result is visibly stronger, healthier skin. @sephora whether you have a sun-kissed, platinum, californian, or even a natural blonde, has an adapted blonde care routine for you! don’t forget to complement your day time routine with a powerful night-time gesture: the new night sérum. enriched with high hyaluronic acid concentration, the new cicanuit sérum is the perfect post bleached ally: it erases up to 55 of bleach damage while you sleep. and for the natural blondies, get that hydration boost you always dream of. you dare, we care even when you’re sleeping! find out your complete routine by doing an online diagnosis at www.kerastase.com or visiting your nearest salon. o novo cicanuit, serum noturno da linha blond absolu, adapta as rotinas de cuidado de todas as loiras hidratando os fios enquanto você dorme e recuperando em até 55 do dano causada pela descoloração! já experimentou? we love this named and created by @milliemcgrathmakeup the only appropriate mask this halloween using our ultimate face paint palette! l’oréal paris’ signature philanthropic program, women of worth was born out of our iconic tagline, “because you’re worth it.” each year, we honor the intrinsic worth of everyday women who are creating positive change in their communities. visit womenofworth.com to learn more. it's never a bad idea. what's better than 1 lashtopia mascara? 2, of course! head to the to shop our limited-edition full-size holiday duo at a special price. it's only $22 @kingch4rlotte's before and after made us do a double take. lashes that look this long must be from new strenth length serum-infused mascara. three is better than one our born this way highlighting palettes can be used separately or combined to customize lighting with three finishes soft focus, glow, and dazzle! tap to shop @sephora! it’s time! share a photo or video on ig of your best look for a chance to win $2500 and a full year on our pr mailing list! make sure to follow and tag us @wetnwildbeauty and include the hashtags this look covers all bases: eery mysterious irresistible mua photo credit: @jordanliberty; model: @officialgabija; hair: @louisemooninc products used: multistick black 10 pan shadow palette pick your poison paint palette smoky false eyelashes twilight color mascara white paint pots iridescent face body gems ghostfriends 4 life @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com enter our creepy competition and win an at-home studio kit and a revolution makeup bundle worth £500 all you have to do is join the challenge! 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection⁣ 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional⁣ we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. team venom or team spiderman? drop it @makeupbycourtneyjade @smlx0 is autumn ready with a full face of e.l.f. products featured: luminous putty primer, flawless finish foundation, hydrating camo concealer, halo glow setting powder, bite size eyeshadow palettes in pumpkin pie and cream sugar, contour palette, bite-size face duo in spiced apple, no-budge retractable eyeliner, liquid matte lipstick in praline and dewy coconut setting mist. tap to shop no cat eyes, just bat eyes @k.aarly’s bootiful gaze is what ultimate matte halloween dreams are made of do you love this beautiful brow finish?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this halo eye has a cherry glaze and maraschino haze, made with our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra @jakobejay is a major zombae he uses our epic wear liquid liner in 'white' to add detail to this flawless, frankenstein-inspired beat can’t stop staring because this look is stunning @vanessagyimah’s skin is flawless in cakeless concealer! spoiler alert big palette coming....head to @huda for more info wow! these cheekbones! loving @tiarraoliviaa 's recreation of disney’s maleficent using our splendour bronzer in shade ultra deep the perfect product for creating this definition! for your handbag and your nightstand. hydrate tint your lips by day with color replenish lip balm, and deeply nourish by night with nighttime rescue lip oil-serum. in 2020, women of worth celebrates 15 exceptional years of amplifying worthy causes led by women. we use our platform to help share their stories to make an even greater impact in the lives of others. visit womenofworth.com to learnmore. link in bio. mistletoe-ready lips lashes that’ll make santa blush! give the gift of voluptuous lips and lashes with our deluxe better than sex, damn girl! and lip injection extreme ornaments! all you need is a little faith, trust, and pixie dust @jessicarosemakeup completes this tinkerbell inspired look using our white liquid liner inspo: @greta.mikki @beautybybb is out for blood with a hit of our glitter blood the curse will be broken at the stroke of midnight the i heart revolution disney collection launches 28.10.2020 make sure you are following @iheartrevolution for get the updates first! dare to embrace who you are. dare to express yourself. dare to manifest your curls. to keep a bright and healthy hair look like @oceanlewis, discover your routine by visiting your nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com bold pops of lush cherry and cream-like neutrals make our eye-conic palette in cherrific supremely balanced, utterly wearable and sure to satisfy all your cravings. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. i killed sirius black! too soon? @naezrahlooks transforms herself into bellatrix lestrange using these essentials on the rise volume liftscara epic ink liner ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' shout loud satin lipstick in 'exclusive' we'll take all the rhinestones with this web of a design @k80far inspired by @sydn4sty most used product?! comment it below! psa to our skincare lovers drop your routine below! you're gonna be al-ripe @mimles has us doing a double take with this banana skin here's what mimi used to create the look: sfx face and body paint palettes ultimate shadow palettes epic wear liner sticks check out our igtv to watch the full demo you don't know the half of it @jensen.sparkle is seriously stunning in this skull-inspired look created with our killer queen brush set @prettyspiffy1 doesn't let anything get in the way of her golden hour glow. melissa perfects the appearance of her skin using becca cosmetics zero no pigment foundation and adds a glass-like glow with becca cosmetics zero no pigment glass highlighter for facelip say what you want with a simple, delectable look. create a crave-worthy cat eye with our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye a bad case of the stripes @thaisash wears our bare with me cannabis radiant primer sfx face and body paint palette in ‘brights’ ‘primary’ to create this nostalgic drop your favorite children's books below pucker up babes! @yukibomb is having a moment with our lip injection extreme! these brows are worth celebrating! @makeup.caitlynaubrey pairs goof proof eyebrow pencil 4.5 neutral deep brown with gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4.5 neutral deep brown to define her brows! gonna be a snack for wbu? @cakedbykelsey uses our micro brow pencil in 'ash brown' to create this salty slay @aafrrin you really are the emoji inspired by @stenss give your lips the spa treatment with our sleeping lip mask you're sure to get your get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com the main ingredient for a peach perfect sunday evening: georgia blush! an haul what are your favorite e.l.f. finds at @walmart? @rocioxsoria pink haze @jessicagantzler gets this gorgeous makeup look using some of her faves! pomade in shade 4.5 in shade 4 eye bright pencil mascara bronzer blush blush our artdeco advent calendar conjures you extraordinary beauty moments. what do you think will be in box 12? halloween nail art? our high gloss neon nail polishes is guaranteed to get those nails poppin' even if it is just for the 'gram!⁣ 100 vegan⁣ cruelty-free a 90s aaliyah moment and we're here for it! @gisellemakeup 'i’m obsessed with the 90s era. i feel like it’s having a comeback now and it’s coming back even better because there’s better makeup than there was back then in terms of foundation and pigments that work on deeper skin tones. the 90s is interesting because black women were making this work for them using eyeliner for lip liner for example just to get the right depth etc. i think the 90s was just an iconic moment for black beauty and i wanted to celebrate that iconic era’ giselle⁣ as part of our celebrations, we're collaborating with giselle to dive into black beauty history! here at revolution, we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born.⁣ make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! in 2020, we are honored to welcome ten new exceptional women into our from helping underserved and marginalized girls break the cycle of poverty, to providing young amputees with specialized prosthetics, read their incredible stories by visiting womenofworth.com. and then vote to help us name our national honoree, who will receive an additional $25k towards her charitable cause. voting now open through november 27th at 11:59 pm est. are you looking for the right eyebrow makeup to create your favorite look? for perfect brows you only need to focus on a few go-to products.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ as part of our series we are excited that we have @thealexisstone on our instagram live at 6pm bst today who will be transforming into a moth queen discover our limited-edition 2020 products and help raise funds for @bcrfcure. the cancer is now tap to shop and learn how to get involved at the link in bio. today, we introduce ten extraordinary women as our 2020 l’oréal paris women of worth! visit womenofworth.com to read their inspiring stories of resilience and selfless giving, and then vote to help one woman receive an additional $25k towards her charitable cause. voting now open through november 27th at11:59 pm est. vivify. electrify. this is prismatica. discover bold colour and iridescent light for multidimensional holiday looks. in cinema, nothing is as impressive as a magnificent close up. it is both intimate and intimidating at the same time. the inspiration for our dior vogue china beauty shoot comes exactly from that. and nothing draws more attention to an actress's line as a gorgeous colored lip. makeup look @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup shot by @willyvanderperre for @voguechina hair by @chiaochenet manicure by @anatolerainey model @ilonadesmet dior forever skin correct 00 1n dior flash luminizer 002 diorskin nude air loose powder 010 diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown 5 couleurs couture 539 grand bal diorshow khôl 529 beige khôl rouge dior 999 matte dior vernis 999 rouge 999 the gift that keeps on giving literally. our give good, do good collection is made with planet-friendly packaging that can be fully recycled to give it a second life. to shop now! ooo this colour! @carriejanereid is wearing our nail polish shade poison falsies so good, they’re… better than sex! transform your look with our better than sex faux mink doll eyes lashes for soft fluttery lashes perfect for everyday glam! come out of your cocoon this halloween as she may be delicate, but that doesn’t mean she’s not deadly…mua photo credit: @jordanliberty, model: @shessbeauty, hair: @louisemooninc products used: stencil butterfly skull multistick black organge glitter palette horroscope face and body gems ghostfriends 4 life cauldron crew 10 pan shadow palette pick your poison glitter liner bat your eye false eyelashes twilight paint pots black white paint palette neutrals fly to these products @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wenwildbeauty.com get your glow on our glow radiant moisturizer with spf 15 has hyaluronic acid, shea butter and coconut oil to hydrate the skin and a hint of golden shimmer for a natural glow tap to shop! available at @walmart day night which look would you pair with brow microfilling pen?! tell us in the comments! which shade is calling out to you? drop it @trendmood1 it's autumn and we love this season. are you ready to try some expressive colors? perfect color lipstick n°806 artdeco red⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ classic beauty: a red lip and beautiful absolu eau de parfum. we’re shaking up the original “fragrance of a thousand flowers” with the addition of tuberose chronofleur and a new iconic bottle. tap to shop our updated classic. the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation. @strashme is showing off her flirty side from our collection who are you calling a clown?! @evelyntoglow is lookin' like the wholeee circus with our blacklight highlight palette only online @ultabeauty @beautybaycom repost @wishfulskin these results made my whole team so happy! you touched us in so many ways! thank you for sharing your beautiful results! @souhailalaghmiri @souhailalaghmiri @souhailalaghmiri congratulations on winning the entire my love!! share with us tag or dm your before afters for the chance to be the next winner! stay safe love you all so much 2020 voting is now open! to give @caykeface a key to our haunted dollhouse and move into the global competition, simply ‘like’ this post to cast your vote! voting closes thursday 1022 at 10am pst. good luck @caykeface! how cute is she? love her!!! watch @manalmuffin’s thoughts on our new foundation stick!! love the glam she created! thanks for your amazing review beautiful! foundation stick gives you a like finish! launching online everywhere october 21st sign up to the waitlist on hudabeauty.com for me, our palette was all about being sexy for yourself not for anyone else. ever since we launched it, i've been obsessed with seeing all of the jaw-dropping looks you guys have created are still creating. sooo amazed!! love you guys so much i'm so happy to be sharing this journey with you all @latricelondon @hindash @nostalgicb3auty 2020 voting is now open! to give @carriedevoid a key to our haunted dollhouse and move into the global competition, simply ‘like’ this post to cast your vote! voting closes thursday 1022 at 10am pst. good luck @carriedevoid! 2020 voting is now open! to give @elisabethmariesc a key to our haunted dollhouse and move into the global competition, simply ‘like’ this post to cast your vote! voting closes thursday 1022 at 10am pst. good luck @elisabethmariesc! 2020 voting is now open! to give @daelikedat a key to our haunted dollhouse and move into the global competition, simply ‘like’ this post to cast your vote! voting closes thursday 1022 at 10am pst. good luck @daelikedat! 2020 voting is now open! to give @khangphinn a key to our haunted dollhouse and move into the global competition, simply ‘like’ this post to cast your vote! voting closes thursday 1022 at 10am pst. good luck @khangphinn! in 2020, l’oréal paris’ 15 exceptional years of amplifying worthy causes led by women. we use our platform to help share their stories to make an even greater impact in the lives of others. on october 19th, we welcome ten new incredible women to our visit womenofworth.com to learn more. 2020 voting is now open! to give @raeofsunshinebeauty a key to our haunted dollhouse and move into the global competition, simply ‘like’ this post to cast your vote! voting closes thursday 1022 at 10am pst. good luck @raeofsunshinebeauty! the perfect addition to your vanity @meccamaxima get 24 hours of oil-free, shine-free, life-proof coverage with the all-new born this way matte foundation. super lightweight and colour true, it's the coverage that wears all-day but still looks like you. did you catch @thealexisstone live on our instagram earlier creating a moth queen look as part of our series? just in case you missed it, here it is! this year has been a little crazy so let’s turn that energy into something creative and let your imagination run wild forever flawless palette midnight rose @iheartrevolution curses and hexes palette black liner sfx palette instinct palette a little glitter blood never hurt anybody give off glam ghoul vibes with a drip of something extra you already know one of the must-have: bain lumière, the hyaluronic acid shampoo. its formula, ideal for all blondes, gently cleanse and hydrates hair from root to tip. enriched with a potent combination of hyaluronic acid and edelweiss flower, bain lumière’s formula has high concentrations of antioxidants to prevent damage and protect the fiber. hyaluronic acid deeply hydrates blonde hair, smoothing the fiber for a uniform touch along hair strands. hair is luminous with natural shine and prepared to be treated. is the range for all hair types and all types of blonde! discover this powerful routine with the highest hyaluronic acid concentration at www.kerastase.com @ateliercdctrento drop a if you've picked up this babe! @fabbeautyboss we heard that some of you wanted us to extend the offer well, we are extending it so it now lasts all week! we really appreciate all of you, and we want to give something back so we are giving you 25 off when you shop at revolutionbeauty.com share the love to all your friends so they don't miss out! hit the link in our bio to shop now use code rev25 at checkout, exclusively on www.revolutionbeauty.com. excludes sale items. for full terms and conditions head over to our website. o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer gives a year-round glow that makes the colder months a bit more bearable and a lot more beautiful. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye rose gold glam the key products in @anknook’s look: roller lash mascara foolproof brow powder 3 medium precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 3.5 medium gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel mini 5 cool black-brown tag a babe who loves @olgadann micro brow pencil biscotti, deep brown tinted brow gel, color pencil dark room glow big for the holidays with o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in gilty, all wrapped up in limited-edition packaging. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. brb recreating this look immediately @anknook uses our h2o proof eyeliner pen and wow brow gel in black for brows and liner that will last all day and never let you down tap to shop! @makeupandpink blew away the cobwebs to create this masterpiece inspired by @michelles.artistry alert trick or treat! we're treating 5 lucky beauties to our halloween pr box here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy! us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:30 pm pdt on october 19, 2020 and ends at 3:30 pm pdt on october 20, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. capture the beauty of christmas with our new enchanted wonderland set! it includes 3 gorgeous breakaway palettes packed with 6 eye shadows 2 face palettes and a travel sized better than sex mascara wrapped in the cutest snowflake packaging! vanity goals: having backups for our backups of @gabrielle.shoots @jamescharles @avani are not clownin' around using the always-iconic glistening skin is always in. glow big for the holidays using o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in shade gilty. available now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @marcjacobs and @harveynichols. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra snatched @qorifaces is sculpted to perfection in our shade define contouring palette available at @beautybaycom full coverage that's so lightweight, you can't even feel it. ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation, available in 42 shades. create some halloween magic with our 18 hit wonder eyeshadow palette the iconic palette contains 18 bold, vibrant shades that are blendable and creamy for easy application tap to shop for $14 wanna know howl @sarahlouwho got this ferocious werewolf look?! a lot of hey boo! which ultra-pigmented shade from our full-on crazy palette keeps you up at night?! eyebrows are the frame of every face and they create a balance and symmetry. how about some featherd brows for an impressive look? used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ultra fine brow liner n°25 soft driftwood⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ brow filler⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @gisellemakeup recreates the iconic makeup of foxy brown in the 90s we're absolutely blown away by her skill, talent and knowledge of the beauty industry 'i’m obsessed with the 90s era. i feel like it’s having a comeback now and it’s coming back even better because there’s better makeup than there was back then in terms of foundation and pigments that work on deeper skin tones. the 90s is interesting because black women were making this work for them using eyeliner for lip liner for example just to get the right depth etc. i think the 90s was just an iconic moment for black beauty and i wanted to celebrate that iconic era’ giselle⁣⁣ as part of our celebrations, we're collaborating with giselle to dive into black beauty history! here at revolution, we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born.⁣⁣ make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! it’s a mega sheet mask launch day you asked, we listened @revolutionskincare brings you 9 new skincare mask sets so whatever your skincare needs we have one for you and they are all biodegradable, vegan and cruelty free too! shop your skin concerns with triple packs for:⁣ dry skin⁣ combination skin⁣ oily skin⁣ blemish prone skin⁣ dehydrated skin⁣ or stock up on multi packs 5 in a set! of some of your favourite ingredients:⁣ detoxifying pink clay⁣ purifying charcoal sheet mask set⁣ clarifying niacinamide⁣ hydrating hyaluronic acid⁣ available now £8€9.99$12 each how i like to apply mascara for super long, dramatic lashes!! i'm only using one coat of each side. who's used 2 full size mascaras in 1! your favourite skincare ingredients are now available in our new sheet mask sets and you get 5 in each pack! swipe to see them all! all cruelty-free, vegan ⁣and biodegradable! clarifying niacinamide improve skin tone and texture with biodegradable niacinamide clarifying sheet masks 5 pack. hard-working niacinamide helps to smooth and even skin tone, balance sebum production, reduce redness and help with improving skin moisturisation, helping to result in a more even skin tone and texture hydrating hyaluronic acid get next-level hydration, formulated with hydration must have hyaluronic acid, indulge in 5 biodegradable sheet masks for skin tlc and self-care sessions aplenty detoxifying pink clay give your skin a detox with these biodegradable pink clay detoxifying sheet masks 5 pack. formulated with detoxing pink clay to help absorb excess sebum and dirt from the pores to leave skin cleansed and balanced, and peach extract to hydrate purifying charcoal sheet mask set help purify skin with these biodegradable charcoal purifying sheet masks 5 pack. formulated with purifying charcoal to help absorb excess sebum and dirt from the pores to leave skin purified and balanced, and volcanic ash to mattify available now £8€9.99$12 each set @dianapenty's for a radiant, wide-awake look: new face serum and flawless concealer. 15 years of true match! for more than a decade, our true match foundation has been by every woman's side with 48 shades that matches different skin tones worldwide. to thank you, we're bringing you a new and improved formula! is your skincare routine fall-ready? our new skinlongevity long life herb collection strengthens and improves texture and radiance aka it's just what you need. @douglascosmetics didn't get your full 8 hours of sleep last night? prep, correct, and set your way to a brighter and more awake-looking under eye with anti-fatigue under eye primer blurs and preps for makeup application. under eye brightening corrector brightens the under eye area with light-reflecting illuminators. under eye brightening setting powder sets makeup and brightens the under eye. now at @macys. poreless putty primer hydrating camo concealer flawless combine the velvety, skin-smoothing primer with the hydrating, high-coverage concealer for the ultimate, long-lasting look tap to shop! take your pout to the max like our babe @emilyalexaander. she uses our lip injection maximum plump! revolution top tip use a skincare roller to help apply the mask! for best results on how to use a sheet mask apply sheet mask to face. leave for 10-15 minutes. remove mask and rub in serum residue drop a if you want to try our can’t argue with your algorithm share some encouraging messages in the comments! we have the answer for a brilliantly fresh look. have you ever tried our light-reflecting concealer with minerals? product shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mineral fluid concealer loving this twist on the classic look from @lisaxglam using our find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wentwildbeauty.com loving this twist on the classic look from @lisaxglam using our find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wentwildbeauty.com the magic of science nothing up our sleeves, just perfectly hydrated, moisture-rich, radiant skin. with just one dropper of new face serum, 90 of women said their skin felt softer and smoother. consumer testing on 543 women. we're all aboard the @jaclynhill train targeting troublesome skin has never been easier, the new @revolutionskincare biodegradable sheet mask three-packs target oily, dehydrated, blemish-prone, combination or dry skin with everything you need in one multi-mask edit swipe to see them all! all cruelty-free, vegan these targeted treatment trios contain three sheet masks designed to conquer skin concerns simply select your match and you're good to go with a selection of face masks carefully curated to compliment your skin type and the best thing is they're biodegradable for environmentally friendly self care dry skin with bamboo, pineapple vitamin e⁣ oily skin with tea tree, niacinamide pink clay⁣ dehydrated skin with cranberry, hyaluronic black tea⁣ combination skin with acai berry, charcoal kombucha⁣ blemish prone skin with salicylic acid, witch hazel niacinamide⁣ available now £8€9.99$12 each set. make sure you are following @revolutionskincare for more information on the latest launches! makeup mask fun with the halloween queen @lauramakeup warm. cozy. spicy. our pumpkin spice palette melted matte lipstick will have you looking and smelling! like a fall snack. tap to shop @sephora. who will be slaying voting this election season?! bag the exclusive bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set and show us how you use your voice… and accessories @alexfarbie between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting http:www.rockthevote.org as part of our series @ohmygeeee has created this look silence of the glams keep watching to find out how she got the look! win an at-home studio kit and a revolution makeup bundle worth £500 all you have to do is join the challenge! 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. spam me with if you love this glam! just posted a super soft new nude look on @huda go check it out my loves! repost @huda super soft new nude look embracing myself in every way has been a huge journey for me, and more than anything i feel empowered in ways i didn’t know were possible can’t wait to share the journey with you happy birthday true match! at we're celebrating 15 years of care! our true match foundation is revolutionizing the makeup game with a brand new formula! you'll be happy to hear that it's now infused with 80 moisturizing cream hyaluronic acid to improve skin quality in just 2 weeks with 24h moisture. you have probably already heard about the powerful hyaluronic acid. this molecule is very well known in skincare for working as a magnet for moisture, helping cells to retain hydration and get that plumping effect. is the first hair care brand to bring this star molecule into the hair care world, in the innovative formulas. combining the power of the hyaluronic acid with edelweiss flower, blond absolu deeply hydrates sensitized hair and boosts color luminosity for bright shiny blonde hair. say goodbye to dull bleached hair, with blond absolu dare to care with the best caring ingredients. find out more at www.kerastase.com give ‘em lip with this trio in rich berry shades our best-selling mocha nude shade, sweet tea! out a pout berry necessary lip trio matte lipstick in play games lip gloss in frosé color pencil in my jam out a pout sweet tea lip trio matte lipstick in sweet tea lip gloss in sweet tea color pencil in sweet tea @trendmood1 ultra-black and ultra-stacked thick lashes are finally yours with tap to shop at @sephora. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra discover the golden touch of infused with our exclusive moringa extract to help skin optimize its natural renewal and cellular potential, tap to shop experience the miracle of irl disney princess @issheblackorazn blended onto her cheeks lips for a fresh-faced flush and filled in her brows using in shade 6! our jet set hydration kit includes five e.l.f. favorites in mini sizes perfect for trying out your new holy grails daily face cleanser: a gentle daily cleanser infused with citric acid. prep and hydrate balm: a water-based stick that instantly hydrates to help improve skin texture and prep skin for makeup. daily hydration moisturizer: a lightweight moisturizer that hydrates and protects the skin. nourishing night cream: a soothing cream infused with jojoba oil, aloe, cucumber extract and shea butter to revitalize the skin. illuminating eye cream: an eye cream infused with jojoba, vitamin e and cucumber to help nourish the under-eye area. tap to shop let that sht go and join our on twitter today at 1pm pst 4pm est! @jacquilea.artistry of @poutbeautybar get crackin' with the soft glam neutrals from this all dolled up inspired makeup look! look created with: hint hint skin tint hint of latte the channel surfing artistry palette by @madisonbeer @flutterlashesinc lashes in intoxicating morphe gel liner in jet @makeupmaylen slays this vampy glam using our born to glow radiant concealer epic ink liner @msmaverickmuse is on fire follow us on tik tok for more halloween inspo at: bhcosmeticsofficial is dressed up in elegant mint for the holidays, but inside you’ll find the same smudge-proof, lash-maximizing formula. find it in limited-edition packaging at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @sephorafrance, @sephoraaus and @harveynichols. @itstasha let her bat wings fly w our nothing gets us more excited than a fall lippie @makeupbyflavia swipes on our soft matte lip cream in 'copenhagen' for this vampy prismatic shimmer in one swipe. @barbieferreira finishes her look with non-stick, 3d shine from the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit. the high-shine gloss is formulated with mirrored pearls that bounce light for a wet look and the appearance of fuller lips. control shine and virtually banish pores instantly with our primed poreless powder! it's perfect for setting liquid makeup or priming under powder foundation. available @shoppersbeauty @kennyccain brings out that certain kind of darkness swipe on the look of voluminous lashes in just a few strokes using our award-winning mascara. tap to shop the edition at @sephora. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra @mimles breaks down the iconic distorted mouth illusion featured on our broken beauty doll using some of our halloween essentials. follow along try out the illusion using: studio finishing powder ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' 'phoenix' epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' can't stop won't stop concealer suede matte lipstick lip liner in 'spicy' epic wear liquid liner in 'black' 'white' 'red' microbladed brows all. day. long brow microfilling pen’s 3-prong tip creates the illusion of real hairs in a single stroke for a 24-hour microbladed effect! @jasmeannnn with the fall glam we all needed products featured: bite size eyeshadow in pumpkin pie and hot jalapeño, dewy coconut setting mist, flawless finish foundation in honey, holy hydration! face cream, srsly satin lipstick in cider, no budge retractable eyeliner, poreless putty primer and hydrating camo concealer. tap to shop the ultimate everyday eyebrow @jewejewebee goes for to get a naturally polished look! things come in small packages. your way and with our set between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org our tints collection is going strong @bbyongo creamy and dreamy. our perfect color lipstick is a fan fave for a reason; it delivers on color and feel, every time! perfect color lipstick n°885 luxurious love⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new to the conceal define family, meet your next flawless finish with the revolution conceal define powder foundation discover this creamy lightweight, medium coverage and buildable foundation available in 31 shades, including 30 skin true shades plus translucent, designed to suit every skin type and skin tone swipe for swatches⁣ a finely milled, non-drying and comfortable formula that leaves a no-flashback finish infused with hyaluronic acid cannabis sativa for an extra comfortable and hydrating wear with a satin finish, making this the perfect powder foundation for oily, dry combination skin available now £8€8.99$11 women worldwide love it! it's time to re-discover our beloved true match foundation, available in 48 shades to give you the perfect, natural and true-to-skin coverage you truly deserve. every woman can find their true match at you found yours? a captivating frame, the silence of a lovers' conversation, the magic of the silver screen... the wonderful @chenestelle shares the leading role with rouge dior 888 matte! makeup look by@peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup video by @leonsdale shot by @willyvanderperre for @voguechina hair by @chiaochenet manicure by @anatolerainey model @chenestelle dior forever skin correct 0,5n 1w dior flash luminizer 002 diorskin nude air loose powder 010 diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler 004 black 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar dior contour 080 red smile rouge dior 888 matte dior vernis 853 massaï chanel believes in expression through colour. since 2018, chanel beauty has been working on a project which explores the interpretation of different shades of colour. this interview series captures the unique personalities and perspectives of friends of the house. we are pleased to share with you the second episode starring the talented @almajodorowsky. create your dream routine with some of our favourites from the conceal fix family! all to help keep your makeup in place for longer, and to give you that finished look:⁣ conceal fix pore perfecting primer⁣ conceal fix ultimate coverage concealer⁣ conceal fix setting powder⁣ hydrate fix setting spray ayo don't forget to prime which e.l.f. primer is your fav? blemish control face primer: infused with salicylic acid, vitamin e, and tea tree to help control breakouts and blemishes illuminating face primer: ideal for creating a radiant glow with subtle shimmer mineral infused face primer: fills in fine lines and refines your complexion. hydrating face primer: infused with grape, vitamins a, c, e to help boost complexion, and hydrate your skin. tone adjusting primer: helps to minimize redness and correct blotchy skin poreless face primer: helps fill in enlarged pores, fine lines, and wrinkles to transform your face into a flawless, smooth canvas tap to shop meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com meet our new natural foundation stick 39 buildable, creamy shades. fragrance free. transfer proof. waterproof. non-comedogenic. available now on hudabeauty.com the coverage you’ve been looking for: stay-in-place foundation. no more worrying about uneven skin-tone and imperfections, our number one has buildable medium-to-full coverage that remains breathable for a natural, yet flawless, look. tap to shop! more reasons why you can with double wear? oil-free controls oil all day non-acnegenic won't clog pores mask friendly transfer, sweat humidity-resistant 24-hour color-true 24-hour long wear transform yourself with our new luxurious enchanted dreams collection that gives you endless options for creating trendsetting looks every day, and pure romance every night. available exclusively @hsn! oh hi, angel eyes @the.hannahjensen accentuates her brows with finishes the look with our capsule collection includes these three best-selling lashes! they know a thing or two about long-distance romance collection includes: premium lashes hypnotic premium lashes a lil' extra premium lashes obsession @trendmood1 give warmth this holiday season with our limited-edition warmth eye cheek palette. featuring a bronzer and talc-free eyeshadows, this clean, all-in-one palette has everything you need for a luminous fireside glow. even better, it comes in planet-friendly packaging and the palette can be recycled once empty. grab yours from @sephora while you can. but first, take a closer look to our mascara! thanks to our angel eyes mascara for unforgettable curled and long lashes!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ nudes for every skin tone, because everyone has their different definition of “nude.” bare a warm light pinky beige sugar a cool light pinky beige dusk a warm pink chai mocha a neutral pinky beige taupe a neutral cinnamon souffle a cool cocoa pink sable a warm red brown rouge a warm brick red can't help but stan @nataliadorbat’s eye-popping look with a lineup of exclusive @getstonned gems includes: full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette killer queen 6 piece eye brush set bh x get stonned drop dead gorgeous gem set we feel something crawling @julibake slays this creepy, crawly liner using our epic ink liner be one of the 20 lucky winners to win our make it big mascara the big prime lash primer! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: how many seconds do you curl your lashes? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 102620 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 102720. @daisymarquez shows how she makes her lashes go big w @grandecosmetics' lash md dash enhancing serum our perfect now, perfect later. our limited-edition holiday duo of mineral veil finishing powder features a full-size that's perfect for your routine a free mini that you can use on-the-go. shop it now @ultabeauty, @sephora and @nordstrom tfw you found your perfect born this way matte foundation shade our babe @rebeccarih found her match in shade spiced rum! take over the comments with pink emojis if you’re down with the pink party! @shannonwarf big bat energy watch out for our full-on crazy palettes sneaky bite @sabrinasbeautyparadise cicaflash, the super hyaluronic acid shot of care for your blonde hair! this opalescent milky gel with a soft lavender hue offers the restorative performance of a masque with the lightweight finish of a conditioner. it intensively restores sensitized hair, nourishing the fiber. the combination of hyaluronic acid and edelweiss flower instantly smoothes, strengthens and softens sensitized lightened hair while providing deep nutrition. ideal for all blondes, cicaflash restores the hair fiber, preventing breakage and erosion. hair is soft and moisturized while remaining lightweight and luminous. discover this powerful routine with the highest hyaluronic acid concentration at www.kerastase.com a fragrance as beautiful as you. to celebrate the 35th anniversary of beautiful, we’ve collaborated with the for the limited edition beautiful absolu eau de parfum. leave a below if you can’t wait to try! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation. leave a if the leaves you feeling @itsmandymoo “double, double toil trouble; fire burn and cauldron bubble” we love this look by @jmdelore using our ultimate face paint palette, sfx wax putty, black eyeliner ‘horror show’ nail polish lipstick in shade ‘vampire and matte lipstick in shade ‘ruby’ with the @iheartrevolution vinyl cherry lip gloss in shade ‘maraschino’ and ‘curses and hexes eyeshadow palette true colours to the question: “what is your lucky colour?” @almajodorowsky answers: “canard blue. it has been since childhood.” watch the full true colours interview on igtv where @almajodorowsky explains how she sees the world through colours from lipstick to paris. celeb mua @saishabeecham spills the tea on her euphoria-inspired with her daughter @shailah.leshe here’s the breakdown: micro brow pencil epic wear liquid liner in red glitter primer face body glitter ultimate utopia shadow palette matte setting spray butter gloss in tiramisu hocus pocus @jess.shrxmpton is casting a spell with hangin' in hawaii eyes our superhydrate is a hydrating gel moisturizer with ingredients your skin has been craving ingredients we squalane: a plant-derived oil that helps improve moisture balance and elasticity while deeply moisturizing niacinamide: helps maintain moisture content while toning and clarifying your skin tone snow mushroom: helps deeply hydrate and plump vitamin e: helps nourish and moisturize tap to shop for $12! @panthatwhat treat yourself to delectable, cherry-inspired hues with our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific. available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @sephorafrance, @sephoraaus and @harveynichols. @rubygraham.mua @makeupby.teyladay are ride or die type of glam includes: premium glambassador in sweet tea boo tastemaker blushing babes pop of peach when you need a nap, but have a zoom call in 5 @mimles has us doing a triple take with this insane illusion makeup product breakdown: sfx face and body paint palette epic wear liquid liner ultimate shadow palette in phoenix ultimate utopia we might be a little biased, but we think our hello halo blushlighter fell from heaven find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com our beloved blockbuster is finally here! join katarina simon @icyycurls for this special unboxing. featuring iconic favorites like new and beautiful lipsticks eye shadows we're sure it will help make this holiday brighter for you or a friend!. shop blockbuster now: https:estee.cm37ryyqn available while supplies last, assortment varies by location. check your local estée lauder online for details. dress your eyes in velvety, ultra-pigmented, cherry-inspired shades. @christianschild used the eye-conic palette in cherrific on @kristatchv. @melaniaoana is in the spirit tiger print but make it neon @iselinmakeup slays this electric using our epic ink liner high glass illuminating powder in 'moon glow' did someone say meow? embrace your inner feline and achieve a flirty cat eye look with our new better than sex lashes style, sex kitten! a haul for every eye, lip, face and spooky paw tap to shop our vegan and cruelty-free products that are pug approved @thepuggysmalls if you need us, we'll be over here obsessing over this prismatic purple wing that @@gingerswatches created using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. she said it best, the shades are bold, pigmented and gorgeous. you can use them for your entire face. a couple megaglo highlighting powders for all you lovers... get it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com hi, i'm chucky. wanna play? @sophiastylezz.u wears our bare with me cannabis brow setter liquid suede cream lipstick in 'kitten heels' to complete this devious transformation betty boop who? @cakefacerj creep it real this halloween with spooky streaks of glitter blood @volatiledigital glow all the way with the limited-edition o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in gilty. our super-sized highlighter adds head-to-toe reflective radiance without the glitter. available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @sephorafrance, @sephoraaus and @harveynichols. incase you need some good vibes and relaxation today shop our full spectrum cbd collection at elfcosmetics.com @alexdemasters golden hour is always better when your brows are on point @sammyslay uses in shade 4.5 volumizing brow gel! create your perfect brow look in just a few steps. watch this tutorial for unforgettable statement brows. products used: eye brow designer n°2 dark eye brow powder n°18 cinder brown eye brow brush these shades though the top palette is our forever flawless midnight rose palette and bottom palette is forever flawless enchanted which shades do you love most? we are going live with @gisellemakeup tonight at 6pm join us as we continue to celebrate 2020 with some incredible black beauty creators!⁣ we’ll be discussing black beauty history with giselle, her experiences in the beauty industry and more! see you there! welcome to our lovely advent calendar! today is raffle time and you have the chance to win 2 of our artdeco advent calendars for you and your favorite person. all you have to do is:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 1. follow us 2. like this post⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3. comment your favorite person and tell us why shehe deserves this gift this raffle runs till october 28, 2020, 9 pm and is not connected with instagram. the winner will be informed via message afterwards. only people with residence in europe can participate.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ apply it once don't think twice there are so many reasons to love stay-in-place makeup. 24-hour long wear mask-friendly it's transfer, sweat humidity-resistant controls oil and doesn’t clog pores dermatologist tested and non-acnegenic do you already with leave a comment below with your shade! @mathwithanieu puts his own spin on prismatica with this breathtaking lavender look using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. get the look: eyes: apply shade lunar all over the eye lid, blend up into the brow, and brush onto the lower lash line. apply shade hustle into the crease, blending up and outward toward the brow and inward towards inner tear duct. then, brush onto the under the lower lash line, connecting with the crease. using your ring finger, tap shade refract onto the center of the eye lid and into the inner corner. sweep prismify under brow using a soft brush. wanna see what how @arielle does her makeup every day? you’ve come to the right place. check out our igtv to see the whole routine. get the voluptuous lashes and plump, sexy lips you crave with these faves! shop our better than sex mascara and lip injection maximum plump @ultabeauty. talk about earning your wings! @smithadepak did an incredible job re-creating our look products used: stencil butterfly skull multistick black orange glitter palette horroscope face and body gems ghostfriends 4 life cauldron crew 10 pan shadow palette pick your poison glitter liner bat your eye false eyelashes twilight paint pots black white paint palette neutrals fly to these products @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetwildbeauty.com true colours to the question: “what colour is your lipstick?” @almajodorowsky answers: “orangish-red. watch the full true colours interview on igtv where @almajodorowsky explains how she sees the world through colours from lipstick to paris. closed wellness giveaway we teamed up with some of our favorite wellness brands to help you feel like your best self. 4 lucky followers will win $180 worth of @bareminerals skincare and makeup, a $150 e-gift card to @mybkr, a 10lb charcoal power ring from @bala worth $85 and a workout set from @onzie's fall collection worth $121. here's how to enter: 1. follow @bareminerals, @bala, @mybkr and @onzie 2. like this post. 3. tag a friend in the comments. each separate comment is an entry! bonus: share the post to stories for an additional chance to win. no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends october 25, 2020 at 11:59 pm et. see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: https:bit.ly3md8ubq. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. drop the corresponding emoji in the comments below for your favorite box ‘o powder! for our revolution friends based in the uk, you can also head to @superdrug stores to pick up any halloween essentials so many products to choose from to create that look this year swipe to see the stands! today we make our brows look even more expressive! our new collection look, brows are the new lashes helps you to create the perfect brow look with only a few products!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box duo limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°4 soft taupe⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ but make it feel good these babes are formulated w moisturizing ingredients, like vitamin e! hydrating camo concealer up close and personal our hydrating camo concealer is lightweight, full coverage concealer with a boost of hydration and a satin finish are you team hydrating camo concealer or 16hr camo concealer? available at @douglasitalia tap to shop for $6 the votes are in congratulations to @khangphinn for winning this year's us 2020! his haunted vampire doll transformation shook the us competition, now he's off to compete in the global round mark your calendars for tuesday 1027, where the global winner will be announced live by the queen of illusions, @mimles thank you again to everyone who entered singersongwriter @madisonbeer putting on that extra glow face hydration w her luminous setting spray here at revolution we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community. in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born. 2020 will go down in history as a very memorable year for society around the world, especially in regards to the black lives matter movement. we saw the biggest civil rights movement in history during a global pandemic. in response to this we saw countless brands being reactive and pledging to commit their time and resources towards contributing to a better future for black people. black history month isn’t the end of this commitment for us but, we hope, a very strong beginning. grab a drink and watch this live with the super talented @gisellemakeup as we discuss all things black beauty history with giselle, a professional mua, artist and creator. make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020! congratulations to @inspiredwithelena you are the week 3 winner of our fantasy makers makeup contest 2020 and you have won $250! enter our fantasy makers makeup contest 2020 for the chance to win the $2,500 grand prize and 1 year on the pr mailing list! go to our ig story and swipe up for details or go to our linkinbio on the fantasy makers exclusive limited edition halloween collection page on our homepage. grand prize winner will be announced on halloween october 31, 2020 @jensen.sparkle is ablaze in this orange eye glam created with our killer queen brush set @jensen.sparkle is ablaze in this orange eye glam created with our killer queen brush set on today's menu: a flawless complexion and gorgeous glam. which one would you grab? comment via emoji! let's chat, beauties! head over to toofaced.com to live chat or video chat to talk to an expert, get your beauty questions answered, get info on your orders! you're always ready for your close up with the perfect shade of red! @deirdrefirinne wears rouge dior 999 matte on lips and rouge 999 on her nails. lights, camera and... action! makeup look by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup shot by @willyvanderperre for @voguechina hair by @chiaochenet manicure by @anatolerainey model @deirdrefirinne dior forever skin correct 0n 1w dior flash luminizer 002 diorskin nude air loose powder 010 diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown 5 couleurs couture 279 denim diorshow khôl 529 beige khôl dior contour 080 red smile rouge dior 999 matte dior vernis 999 rouge 999 meet the internet’s holy grail brow pencil! our top rated creates fine, feathery strokes for supernatural definition...it’s a brow miracle! @tredayy @sephora tomorrow... r u ready? give us an in the comments if you are @xxrevolution has something droppin' tag a who needs the new @trendmood1 watch @suziebonaldi’s hair care routine with and learn how to maintain the right tone in between salon visits without compromising on the care every blonde hair needs. and you? what’s your hair care routine for your blonde? falling for these peachy hues all over again give your complexion a not-so-basic boost with our bellini blush palette @schminktopf exude effortless elegance in a luxurious red lip. @haroldjames used lip crème in shade oh miley! on @maevamarshall. photography by: @pierarnophoto plumped, strengthened, revitalized eyes? we’ll take two just dab three dots of eye balm under each eye and tap in with your ring finger to reveal plumper, hydrated eyes. tap to shop! wicked witch of the west coast @edgarsmakeup uses our sfx creme colour in white green to create this magical slay join @mistyjustice1 tonight on esteelauder.com at 6pm et as she creates a dramatic look inspired by superheroes! click the link in our bio to tune in tonight! if you miss her live, you can still visit the link in our bio to watch later! thanks a melon @mimles has us dreaming of summer days with this delicious looking illusion drop your favorite fruit below! it's fun pretending we're going on vacation pumpkin spice, not so nice @brendafelipe is making it spooky with omg glitter! face body gel for that extra shine power just a hint of halloween @glambbi uses our putty eye primer in white for a solid base for this spooky season look tap to shop for $5 @kenna.reef of @poutbeautybar slipped into the shimmering nudes and blushing berries of the 35xo natural flirt artistry palette to create this flirty mermaid look! look created with: full-coverage foundation morphe x @maddieziegler dew bomb face gloss happy glaze lip gloss @beautybakeriemakeup creme lip whip @makeupbyrabe you can bat your eyes all-day products used: m321, m456, m158, m508 stick bake set full-coverage @jaclynhill palette volume ii the sorting hat says slytherin @julianna.mur slays this magical wearing our epic ink liner born to glow! naturally radiant foundation in 'vanilla' which house are you in? see the difference a little light can make. becca cosmetics under eye brightening corrector infuses peach- and apricot-toned colour correctors with light-reflecting illuminators that deflect light away from dark circles under the eyes. vitamin e nourishes, while the flexible cream smooths skin around the eyes and creates an even base for concealer. seen on @adrianakret, back at @sephora and @sephoracanada dress your lips in a ripened-cherry red for the holidays. shop le marc lip crème in oh miley! and other tempting treats from our limited-edition collection at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @sephorafrance, @sephoraaus and @harveynichols. @indigotohell is flawless in our born this way super coverage concealer. give us a if you've experienced undetectable coverage! beetlejuice, beetlejuice, beetlejuice.. uh oh @ohmygeeee wears our liquid suede cream lipstick in 'alien' to complete the look leave a if you love this cult fave! one word: per fec tion @evyxo inspired by @amber.carr.art @emilyannecarden is drippin' in pink with our electric trendy in tokyo palette pure pigment meets pure indulgence in le marc lip crème shade oh miley! the best part? the subtle vanilla scent mimics a decadent dessert. earthy green tones the earth side of our earth ocean palette is highly pigmented, blendable and features the perfect shades to ground your eye look available @bootsuk tap to shop for $14 soft glam is always a mood @makeupbylegacy perfected her look with: volumizing gel matte bronzer cakeless concealer that awesome moment when you realize that your brows look amazing! we show you our products to create these statement brows for an expressive look!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°6 light⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°3 brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°5 medium new drop she's bold. she's gold. she's the new metalixx collection from @xxrevolution u want that golden hour glow every hour of the day? we got u!!⁣ gold crush shadow palette £20$28€24⁣ gold face mask £18$25€21.99⁣ metalixx gold elixxir £12$18€14.99⁣ metalixx pink elixxir £12$18€14.99⁣ metalixx body luxx suspense £20$28€24⁣ metalixx body luxx chronicle £20$28€24⁣ metalixx gold fixx fixxing mist £10$15€12⁣ the full collection is available now at revolutionbeauty.com @bootsuk⁣ in 1947, the swoosh of scissors and needles broke the silence of the house of dior couture ateliers to create the silhouettes of the new look. today, dior makeup pays tribute to this spectacular feat of creation with a limited edition of the iconic rouge dior. the elegant matte red 999 will dress up your lips! rouge dior 999 matte limited edition we’re dedicated to our community and we wanted to do something a lil’ exxtra for to celebrate black history month 2020 we’re bringing you the full metalixx collection with an all black campaign! we want to continue to authentically support the black beauty community, including paying black creatives and supporting black owned businesses so here’s what we did… everyone who contributed to bringing this campaign to you; the studio, photographer, stylist, mua, hair stylist, models and nail tech are black or a black owned business. 2020 has given us a global awareness of the historic and present struggles of black people and we want to be a part of the change in the beauty industry and so, we focused towards the future of black beauty. we decided to explore afro-futurism. filled with joy, elegance, vibrant colours and blackness standing tall and strong. we wanted to capture the beauty in blackness. credit: model: @ayeshamarr model: @kaeemae model: @sharonbright nails: @arjenesisnails styling: @ericafmstyle hair: @nicolaharrowell mua: @berniciaboateng photography: @chantelkingphoto photography assistant: @cocoshaw photography agency: @studiopiuk studio: @thrdsstudio we’ve got all our in one place including a full-size of new plus, you can choose your moisturizer either creme or make someone’s season merry and bright with our blockbuster available while supplies last! link in bio to learn more us only, check your local estée lauder for details about blockbuster near you just in case you need to give yourself a reminder. check out our partners at @jedfoundation for helpful mental wellness resources. we’re dedicated to our community and we wanted to do something a lil’ exxtra for to celebrate black history month 2020 we’re bringing you the full @xxrevolution metalixx collection with an all black campaign! we want to continue to authentically support the black beauty community, including paying black creatives and supporting black owned businesses so here’s what we did…⁣ everyone who contributed to bringing this campaign to you; the studio, photographer, stylist, mua, hair stylist, models and nail tech are black or a black owned business. 2020 has given us a global awareness of the historic and present struggles of black people and we want to be a part of the change in the beauty industry and so, we focused towards the future of black beauty.⁣ we decided to explore afro-futurism. filled with joy, elegance, vibrant colours and blackness standing tall and strong. we wanted to capture the beauty in blackness.⁣ credit:⁣ model: @ayeshamarr⁣ model: @kaeemae⁣ model: @sharonbright⁣ nails: @arjenesisnails⁣ styling: @ericafmstyle⁣ hair: @nicolaharrowell⁣ mua: @berniciaboateng⁣ photography: @chantelkingphoto⁣ photography assistant: @cocoshaw⁣ photography agency: @studiopiuk⁣ studio: @thrdsstudio putty fam is growing our new putty blush is available now at elfcosmetics.comit has buildable pigment and a semi-matte finish for a natural wash of color look and is infused with argan oil and vitamin e for cheek hydration head to elfcosmetics.com to shop enhance your sexy cool side this season with our new enchanted beauty makeup set: unbearably glam. it includes 12 multi-finish eye shadows, a highlighter blush duo palette, a travel size better than sex mascara, and it smells like christmas cookies! get yours @sephora. your lips called and they said they need a don't worry, our lip treatment and lip mask will do the trick available @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a total game changer... we're taking things to a new level with our innovative hybrid concealer, better known as true match eye cream in a concealer. its formula is powered by 0.5 pure hyaluronic acid to give you the care of an eye cream and the radiance of a concealer. wing it on, all the way. super-saturated pigments, extreme-wear and more than 30 versatile shades to explore in our bestselling collection. what are you waiting for? @federicamakeupart wears in blacquer, stonefox, and orange crush. 8 days left until halloween drop a if you're ready! @thebeautyradar homescreen is where the heart is and my heart is with benefit cosmetics instant fullness optimized health overtime new strength length serum-infused mascara and brow gel. @trulyleesh's results speak for themselves. try both formulas now @ultabeauty @trulyleesh join our over on tiktok and bring your doll look to life just like @abbyroberts song: “dollhouse” by melanie martinez @littlebodybigheart take a few minutes at the end of every day to refresh and repair the look of your delicate eye area like our photographer friend, @alicegao. with eye supercharged complex, wake up with brighter, more hydrated eyes every morning no matter what your day brings. volume up tag someone who's beautiful either way @shiradanitra it’s time! share a photo or video on ig of your best look for a chance to win $2500 and a full year on our pr mailing list! make sure to follow and tag us @wetnwildbeauty and include the hashtags madame butterfly is the perfect look to scare everyone with your elegance mua photo credit: @jordanliberty; model: @shessbeauty; hair: @louisemooninc products used: stencil butterfly skull multistick black organge glitter palette horroscope face and body gems ghostfriends 4 life cauldron crew 10 pan shadow palette pick your poison glitter liner bat your eye false eyelashes twilight paint pots black white paint palette neutrals @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com who doesn't love a sneaky behind the scenes? check out the @xxrevolution page for the epic message behind this shoot two is better than one @omgitsgare is giving us a sugar high in the cotton candy palette still available for a limited time new drop she's bold. she's gold. she's the new gold crush shadow palette £20$28€24⁣ from the @xxrevolution metalixx collection a semi-precious palette with a spectrum of 15 richly pigmented nude, bronze and gold shades for your opulent standout looks and everyday masterpieces shop the full collection now at revolutionbeauty.com @bootsuk⁣ gold face mask £18$25€21.99⁣⁣ metalixx gold elixxir £12$18€14.99⁣⁣ metalixx pink elixxir £12$18€14.99⁣⁣ metalixx body luxx suspense £20$28€24⁣⁣ metalixx body luxx chronicle £20$28€24⁣⁣ metalixx gold fixx fixxing mist £10$15€12⁣⁣ giveaway closedare you ready for a sugar skull treat you can eat?! we teamed up with @milkandcookiesla for a sweet giveaway inspired by our la catrina doll and in honor of día de los muertos we’re giving away three diy cookies kits a bundle of our faves to lucky beauty here’s how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics @milkandcookiesla like this post tag a friend us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 11:00 am pdt on october 23, 2020 and ends at 11:00 am pdt on october 26, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. for complete rules visit: https:bit.ly3du7tmt get ready to turn heads and turn up the drama with these over the top dramatic lashes that add extreme length and fullness! tag a bff who would rock our new better than sex lashes style drama queen. your best complexion is here just in time for the holidays. this limited-edition kit includes 3 deluxe-size favorites and 2 brushes, yours for only $59.96 a $201.67 value. shop it exclusively @qvc. it is a big deal! friends x revolution series 2 airing 4th november 9am gmt4am est1am pst set the record button now! it’s still 2020 and mercury's in retrograde which means you deserve all the omg glitter! face body gel in your life @dupethat which palette is your go-to? @beautybyarifa.x remember me @klamourmakeup uses our white liquid liner to transform herself into hector rivera from coco big looks come in small packages. shop the sample sale of the season: mix and match mini to maximize your eyes. exclusively on marcjacobsbeauty.com and @sephora. e.l.f.ing amazing fall favorites products mentioned: bite size face duo in spiced apple 16hr camo concealer total face sponge srsly satin lipstick in cider fall in love at elfcosmetics.com @teachingfabwriters glowing, radiant skin with only one product? yes, it's possible. @amandarrwalker used our complexion rescue foundation stick for mineral-based spf, lasting hydration and buildable coverage. split @makeupbysantaa has us shook with this sliced up inspired by @mimles. products used: bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'porcelain' epic ink liner simply dying for @eihposmakeup's skull makeup using our glowing in greece blush highlighter palette @jamescharles transformed @madisonbeer into a spooky sister using the palette the browspo we needed today @ileanavelazquezg filled shaped her brows with goof proof eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black in shade 6 locked them in place with 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! smooth glide, potent pigment pay-off and waterproof wear. bestselling is purely plumbelievable. shop this shade—plumage—and 30 more on marcjacobsbeauty.com or @sephora. artistry: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye videography: @christianferretti when you're hangry @aafrrin transforms herself into this glam vamp using: ultimate shadow palette in 'phoenix' epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' micro brow pencil wonder stick in 'deep' butter gloss in 'red velvet' matte setting spray iridescent, holographic, all-you-want vegan brushes shop our hello holo 10 piece brush set only @ultabeauty @myonesweetrose @ashleighrenelle said jack o lantern go bold this weekend upgrade your glam by pairing our better than sex eyeliner and the fluorescent mattes, modern nudes, shimmers in our @mariale amor caliente palette. lady in red. @barbieferreira finishes her red hot look with wearable neutrals from the becca x barbie ferreira face palette, becca cosmetics shimmering skin perfector pressed highlighter and ultimate lipstick love. feelin' batty, never bratty @chloeybeauty creates this vampy using our epic wear liquid liner in 'black' this look is inspiring us to put on a red lip tonight @tailormadejane is rocking our 16hr camo concealer in shade rich ebony for long lasting, full coverage with a matte finish tap to shop for $6 prime time! today only, score our og face primer for 50 off at @macys! @kreepyyy we'll take a balloon too pro tip: how to clean up your brows with our cakeless concealer @smithadepak wears shade 5! just launched our first range of revolution shampoos and conditioners formulated to defend, volumise, hydrate and protect! swipe to see them all!⁣ we have 4 ranges to choose from:⁣ smooth hydration anti-frizz shampoo and conditioner with keratin and coconut and avocado milk⁣ colour protect anti-fade shampoo and conditioner with goji berry and keratin⁣ hair defence shampoo and conditioner with hyaluronic acid and argan oil⁣ xl volume extra-body shampoo and conditioner with collagen and keratin⁣ available now at revolutionbeauty.com £4.99 each or get both your shampoo and conditioner together for £8, or 3 for £12 also just launched in our new haircare range our first range of revolution hair serums 2 to choose from! swipe to see them both!⁣ anti-frizz gloss serum with argan oil to fight frizz and boost shine with argan oil⁣ mirror shine reflecting serum with niacinamide to eliminate dull hair and boost shine⁣ available now at revolutionbeauty.com £5.99 each 'i wanna have a coffee at central perk' friends series 2 airing 4th november 9am gmt4am est1am pst what do you think is in this coffee cup? guess in the comments below what kind of blonde are you? caramel, sun-kissed, highlighted, platinum, californian or even grey blonde, we’ve got a specific routine for you! if you have a highlighted blonde like @oceanlewis, your first step is bain lumière, the first hyaluronic acid shampoo, to deeply hydrate your hair. followed by masque ultra-violet to neutralize brassiness and yellow undertones. and finish up with cicaplasme to protect the strands from heat and daily aggressors. and don’t forget to apply a few pumps of the sérum 3 to 4 times a week before going to bed to complement your day time routine. taking care of your blonde has never been easier and effortless with find your routine by doing an online hair diagnosis at www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair we are continuing to celebrate and @laaweup has transformed into an evil pixie butterfly transformational but wearable! you too can join the halloween competition and be in with a chance to win an at-home studio kit and a revolution bundle worth £500. 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. from the bar suit to the voluptuous corolla skirt, the emblematic garments of the new look came to life in the christian dior ateliers, where the house's most spectacular acts of creation were born. for beautiful looking eyebrows we always apply our eye brow designer. draw the eyebrow contour with the eye brow designer and shade it out with the integrated brush. congrats to our winner @elliebaybeee we want you to use your voice and go e.l.f.ing vote so we are giving away one of our limited edition go e.l.f.ing vote long sleeve tees to enter: [1] follow @elfcosmetics [2] tag a friends below and encourage them to vote! giveaway starts now and ends october 26th at 9:00am pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. bring the power of the rare himalyan gentian home. every jar of ultimate lift regenerating youth features these beautiful blooms. with every application, strengthen your skin and reveal your radiance. start your holiday shopping early or get yourself something special with our @ultabeauty exclusive clean treats 4-piece clean beauty set it's packed in a makeup bag made with recycled plastic bottles. @savpalacio giving us the fall glam we needed! she wears our born this way super coverage concealer shade sand. powered by 0.5! what makes our true match eye cream in a concealer so special? it's formulated with 0.5 pure hyaluronic acid to supply your with skin the 24-hour hydration it needs. the main benefits? minimizes the appearance of imperfections reduces the appearance of fine lines curated by singersongwriter @madisonbeer, this 6-piece set of soft brushes provides everything you need collection includes: pointed packer brush pro precision smudger brush pencil crease brush large round blender brush blending fluff brush angle liner brush @flatlay2slay step out in a smoked-out cat eye. smudge and shape in earthquake into a wing before setting with shadow. on the lid: a pop of in gleam girl. artistry: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye videography: @christianferretti t-minus 10 days until the election! tag a friend remind them to @yourfavoritesenpaii @whenweallvote shimmer on, you crazy wild ones with our horroscope rest in pink and our get it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com big fan of fangs especially when @beautybybb tops them off a high-shine brew of glitter blood how are all of you baddies halloweening this year? 1 week till halloween 1 week left to enter our creepy competition and win an at-home studio kit and a revolution makeup bundle worth £500 all you have to do is join the challenge! 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection⁣ 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional⁣ we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. today is an election day—what are you waiting for?! mail in your ballot, vote early in person, or confirm your polling location to vote on november 3rd! having a hard time finding the right shade match for your skin tone? knowing your undertone is key to picking an becca cosmetics ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation shade that blends seamlessly with your skin. expertly developed with a balanced range of warm, cool and neutral undertones, our evenly-balanced shade range covers the lightest to the deepest skin tones. identify your undertone using the below test: look best in bright white? your undertone is cool. look best in cream? your undertone is warm. look best in bright white and cream? your undertone is neutral @sephora @sephoracanada closedjust 10 days until have you voted early yet? we’re giving away our exclusive @monicaahanonu hoodie some of our faves to lucky beauties because here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend to tell them to vote us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 11:00 am pdt on october 24, 2020 and ends at 11:00 am pdt on october 25, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. we’ve got your fall shades covered. describe your fall makeup routine with a song lyric comment below and like your faves! try a touch of luminous rosewood blush on your cheeks for a couture look! inspired by the christian dior ateliers where stockman busts are the silent accomplices of pure creation, the limited-edition new look '47 is for all lovers of fashion! rouge blush 219 rose montaigne limited edition your putty primers' new bff our new putty primer applicator is a dual-ended brush for scooping and applying your putty primers for a little extra hygiene try it out with our new putty primer trio which includes mini sizes of poreless putty primer, matte putty primer and luminous putty primer so you can try 'em all tap to shop putty primer applicator $6 and putty primer trio $9 blue mood @slayywithilse is straight chillin' in this icy take me back to brazil clown look our halloween countdown continues, each day we are sharing your looks! we love this from @alisanxmakeup using a maxi reloaded palette our sfx face paint palette to create this look mix. match. save. fill your makeup wardrobe with new minis. save more when you shop more on marcjacobsbeauty.com and @sephora. tap to shop. mix. match. save. fill your makeup wardrobe with new minis. save more when you shop more on marcjacobsbeauty.com and @sephora. tap to shop. the holiday feeling comes once a year but our feelings for @strashme is everyday rock your power lip be an make your plan to vote early with @whenweallvote ft here is our shout loud satin lipstick in 'red haute' a warm amber floral, @aerin’s new premier ambrette de noir, features rich notes of ambrette and tonka absolute, blended beautifully with handpicked rose petals and orange flower. the result? a rare and precious musk-like floral fragrance like nothing you’ve experienced before. tap to shop. spooky but make it glam @sapplesauce666 uses our epic ink liner for this deadly gimme space reach the galaxy with these celestial shades in our stellar collision 17 color shadow highlighter palette @bwitch17 achieve this elegantly elongated eye look with matte gel eye crayon in finewine, applied to the inner and outer lash lines. @federicamakeupart pairs it with the shade known for from our eye-conic palette in glambition. totally trippin’ out over @kyangger’s glam take on the cheshire cat! products used: in shade 4.5 cream-gel pomade in shade 3 cakeless concealer in shade 2 @msjuicyy shows us how she catches the light with our pressed highlighter. the ultra-creamy formula makes it easy to build from subtle to show-stopping, always giving you your most natural, luminous glow. do you like scary movies? @looksbyyjocelyn uses our white liquid liner matte liquid liner for this killer inspo: @delaracreates calling the coolest babe on the block 9s so chill artistry palette @beauty.by.taiba because your halloween looks deserve to stay all night our stay all night micro-fine setting mist is lightweight and super long-wearing to keep your makeup intact for up to 16 hours tap to shop for $10 the proof is in the plump no matter how plumped you want your lips, there’s a lip injection just for you! feeling like we got the golden ticket @stenss is turning violet with a burst of our ultimate matte shadows handle with care @typicalwhitegirlsfx transforms herself into this shattered porcelain doll using our sfx creme colours have you heard!? @nordstrom’s buy 2 get 1 free mascara event is on...and it includes our trio of bestselling formulas! try all 3, get 1 for free! wear a new color every day! with our perfect color lipstick you can discover a perfect all-rounder lipstick with a wide range of shades! shades shown top down:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°909 watermelon pink⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°806 artdeco red⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°801 hot chilli⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°905 coral queen⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°898 amazing apricot⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°922 scandalous pink⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this colourbook cb01 is packed with blacks, greys, silvers and white perfect for that october smokey eye too! with 48 high payoff hues 24 shimmer hues on the left and 24 matching matte shades on the right, it’s the hardback edition you’ll want in your collection there’s even a bookmark divider in the centre of the case to stop loose pigments from transferring to each other cruelty free⁣ vegan a 'dead 1940’s fortune teller' we love this look by @lissmakeup using the makeup revolution colour book eyeshadow palette in shade cb01 mask up with clean makeup! barepro liquid foundation is transfer-resistant, sweat-resistant and non-comedogenic in other words, it's the perfect base for any mask makeup look. what do you get when you combine the rarest ingredients in the world with advanced technology? ultimate lift regenerating youth. click the link in bio to live a life of turn up the girl next door factor with these effortlessly natural lashes! our new better than sex lashes style natural flirt is perfect for every day glam, first dates, or a walk down the aisle. stock up @sephora @alissajanay is glowing all day products featured: hydrating camo concealer in light beige and facial oil mist in restoring comment a if you love a glowy look tap to shop! @ohitsbreee is nobody's fool plump, smooth, light-reflecting lips are an effortless way to finish any look. our hydra-light lip care collection plumps and smooths the lips, with hyaluronic acid to deeply hydrate. today's sunday self care routine consists of whipping out our fave palettes and practicing our black magic @anny.march ft. digital future palette @mimles breaks down the iconic shattered face illusion featured on our prima ballerina doll using some of our essentials. follow along try out the illusion using: hd studio finishing powder slide on pencil in 'pure white' ultimate shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' epic wear liquid liner in 'brown' 'white' can't stop won't stop concealer it’s time! share a photo or video on ig of your best look for a chance to win $2500 and a full year on our pr mailing list! make sure to follow and tag us @wetnwildbeauty and include the hashtags don't forget to follow us for updates on all our contests! this look is for all you wild ones who can't be contained anywhere in the galaxy mua photo credit: @jordanliberty; model: @shessbeauty; hair: @louisemooninc products used: mega last lip color hazardous red 10 pan shadow palette boogie nights stencil comic misfit multistick black color mascara purple paint pots white face body gems bone to be wild glitter palettes this bites glitter liner magic trick wild shine nail polish glow in the dark top coat get it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com we’re absolutely mod for this makeup @itsmegama used liquid eyeliner to get the signature 60s look! the perfect care package! why should you pick true match eye cream in a concealer? it's formula is... fragrance-free paraben-free dermatologist tested ophthalmologist tested suitable for sensitive skin turn any day or room! into a warm and cozy retreat with the inviting scent of @aerin's amber musk. wrap yourself in notes of rose centifolia, sandalwood, ambrox and musk tap to shop amber musk eau de parfum and candle. forever flawless enchanted the must-have palette this october to celebrate the launch of this forever flawless palette as part of our halloween products we're giving you the chance to win £€$100 to spend on our new drops we'll pick three winners on this post! good luck!⁣⁣⁣ to be in with a chance of winning all you have got to do is⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣ and comment with how many moons are in this photo!⁣ follow us @makeuprevolution⁣⁣⁣ and guess how many moons are in this photo!⁣ for an extra chance tag some friends to make sure they don't miss out!⁣⁣ tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 5pm bst on thursday 29th october 2020. three winners will be chosen at random on this post. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. the winners will receive a £€$100 gift voucher to use at revolutionbeauty.com, depending on their local currency. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. i'm saying goodbye to feeling any sort of shame!! my relationship with my sexuality had been such a journey i'm really nervousexcited to open up to you guys about this in my latest youtube video and whoever needs to hear this right now, feeling sexy shouldn't be shameful, it should be empowering!! @huda lips are there to kiss, so make your lipstick kiss-proof! your lipstick will stay exactly where it belongs! we love our magic fix!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ who's behind the blinds? who's at the door? get ready for halloween season! trick’r treat! dior vernis 999 rouge 999 repost @huda i am done with the shame…… some people may not know this, but the amount of sexual shame that happens in certain parts of the world can be so heavy! i haven’t shared this publicly, but it’s been something that has affected me in so many ways mentally physically. i just posted a video on my youtube, which wasn't easy to shoot tbh. i want to share it with you bc it’s been a looooong journey for me to learn how to 1. love myself and 2. learn that just bc i want to feel sexy, i am not wrong! i have learned so much about myself and embraced so many parts of who i am through it, and it’s changed who i am in every way! i have had our brand to express myself, but not everybody has the right way to feel like they own who they are, which is why being open with you is important for me. let me be clear, i don’t want to disrespect my religion, my culture, but being shamed to the point where i have felt embarrassed to tell my mom i was pregnant is also not ok. everyone should feel comfortable expressing themselves the way they feel embraces who they are. shooting this video was important for me bc it’s not about anyone else, it’s never been about me wanting to feel more sexy for anyone, it’s about me owning every part of who am and that includes the sexy me! i hope if anyone has felt they don’t know every part of themselves, they feel it through watching this video i love you so much and want you to know how amazing every part of you is repost @huda i am done with the shame…… some people may not know this, but the amount of sexual shame that happens in certain parts of the world can be so heavy! i haven’t shared this publicly, but it’s been something that has affected me in so many ways mentally physically. i just posted a video on my youtube, which wasn't easy to shoot tbh. i want to share it with you bc it’s been a looooong journey for me to learn how to 1. love myself and 2. learn that just bc i want to feel sexy, i am not wrong! i have learned so much about myself and embraced so many parts of who i am through it, and it’s changed who i am in every way! i have had our brand to express myself, but not everybody has the right way to feel like they own who they are, which is why being open with you is important for me. let me be clear, i don’t want to disrespect my religion, my culture, but being shamed to the point where i have felt embarrassed to tell my mom i was pregnant is also not ok. everyone should feel comfortable expressing themselves the way they feel embraces who they are. shooting this video was important for me bc it’s not about anyone else, it’s never been about me wanting to feel more sexy for anyone, it’s about me owning every part of who am and that includes the sexy me! i hope if anyone has felt they don’t know every part of themselves, they feel it through watching this video i love you so much and want you to know how amazing every part of you is glam at its finest get @pompberry’s lit af look: lil’ bit psycho 8 color shadow palette killer queen eye brush set omg glitter eyeliner in shades blacked out, lookin' lilac a snack, illumina-teal and golden gal omg glitter face body gel in shade au some bh x get stonned drop dead gorgeous gem set pumpkin spice @caitssdarling uses our matte liquid liner to slay this graphic, euphoria-inspired did someone say sunday funday!? @safai305 wears our melted matte lipstick shade nasty girl. queen of hearts @freyagagonmakeup uses our jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' soft matte lip cream in 'madrid' to get the look inspo: @gabxxrielle our new putty blush has us like the lightweight, buildable formula is infused with argan oil and vitamin e to hydrate, nourish and instantly melt into the skin. shades from top to bottom: bora bora turks and caicos tahiti bahamas fiji bali caribbean maldives tap to shop for $6 @julibake is creepin' it real at the stroke of midnight 28.10.2020 @iheartrevolution disney collection launches introducing princess tiana, belle and cinderella who each have their own collections who is your favourite? comment below just like skin, hair suffers from aggressions throughout the day. styling tools and environmental factors can strip away significant moisture from the fiber and constant bleaching can leave the hair sensitized. we know caring for blonde hair can be a hassle, so the kérastase innovation team created the first night sérum to answer to all blonde needs. applying sérum before going to bed allows your hair to fully absorb the actives and erase up to 55 of bleach damage while you sleep. the high concentration of hyaluronic acid in cicanuit’s formula makes this result possible as this molecule acts on deeply repairing and hydrating your lengths. this innovative easy-to-use serum doesn’t require washing or wetting. simple, effortless and efficient! sleep your way into a healthier blonde by complementing your day time blond absolu routine with this dreamy night sérum! if you’re a sunkissed blonde, apply your cicanuit 2 to 3 times a week if you’re a highlighted blonde, apply 3 to 4 times a week if you’re a platinum blonde, apply 2 to 3 pumps of serum cicanuit every night assim como a pele, os fios e o couro cabeludo sofrem agressões durante o dia. aparelhos de styling como secador e outros fatores do ambiente podem retirar a camada de hidratação natural dos fios e deixar os cabelos mais expostos. manter um loiro saudável pode ser trabalhoso, e por isso kérastase desenvolveu o primeiro sérum noturno para tratar das necessidades especiais que cabelos descoloridos precisam. aplicando o sérum cicanuit antes de ir dormir seguindo a rotina adaptada aos seus fios pode recuperar até 55 dos danos caudados pela descoloração enquanto você dorme! a grande concentração de ácido hialurônico na fórmula do sérum cicanuit age reparando profundamente o cabelo enquanto os hidrata. é uma forma inovadora e fácil de tratar os fios e que não requerer lavar ou molhar as madeixas. é simples, fácil e eficiente! acorde com um loiro mais saudável seguindo a sua rotina blond absolu do dia e da noite. the dark lady. the witchy woman. the restless spirit on an endless flight. captured by richard avedon for vogue, 1974. what are you being for halloween? @chelsreymua uses our epic ink liner matte liquid liner to transform herself into this vibrant, neon skull nothing scary about this lineup comment below with your favorite scary movie suggestions! did you know that stay-in-place is mask-friendly, transfer-resistant, and sweat and humidity-resistant? with our number one tap to shop, or visit us online to virtually try on shades and find the right one for you link in bio! become the vision of your imagination. what are you transforming into this @pigeonpieart uses our og jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' as a base for this colorful, 20s inspired we have a bone to pick with this beauty @liahmorley inspired by @gabxxrielle @ericcduhhh @teoxnagy embrace the fairytale romance sweet treats this season with our new sugar plum fun set! it includes our sugar plum fun eye shadow palette, a travel size sugar plum fun shade in our lip injection extreme and a deluxe shadow insurance! smells like fresh macarons, too! available @ultabeauty no such thing as a lip color that's too wild! paint the rainbow on your lips with our lip colors get them @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com textures we are srsly selling these satin finish, super pigmented lipsticks for only $3 tap to shop the 10 gorgeous shades @missjazminad uses our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' to create this juicy, rainbow lippie inspo: lip sculpture by @bibslovelypam swatches so lit we just had to put our name on it @bakeandglow cancel microblading appointment @margiesstyle gets the look on her own with comin’ through with a deal for you! full-size plus a makeup bag for just $24 originally $48 available exclusively at @macys through 1028! skincare launch day the @revolutionskincare holy grail for the ultimate radiant skin we have 4 new products joining our glycolic range today! a full facial at your fingertips and all cruelty free, vegan and made in the uk glycolic acid glow serum contains 10 glycolic acid to help encourage smoother skin texture and a glowing complexion. £10€11.99$14⁣ glycolic acid overnight cream formulated with 7 glycolic acid to help encourage smoother skin texture and a more radiant complexion £12€14.99$17⁣ glycolic acid glow mud cleanser enriched with the skincare-staple glycolic acid to help gently exfoliate and reveal a healthy glow £10€11.99$14⁣ glycolic acid glow polisher designed to use 2-3 times a week to help refine, brighten, and renew dull complexions £10€11.99$14⁣ glow one step further and discover our full glycolic range including the acid toners and essence spray already in the range! make sure you are following @revolutionskincare to find out more about these new products! have you ever tried our go-to favorite? we love our light-reflecting mineral fluid concealer.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ red can be as attractive as it can be intimidating, so these are the perfect ingredients for a stylish halloween... just don't kiss and tell! capture totale super potent serum dior forever matte 2w dior forever skin correct 1w flash luminizer 002 ivory diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 999 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow 24h stylo 076 pearly silver rouge contour 999 rouge dior 999 satin dior vernis 999 rouge 999 snowflakes gently landing on the tip of your nose twinkling lights illuminating the city and the sweet smell of hot cocoa enchanting you welcome to this year, our holiday collection features an exclusive collaboration with illustrator izak zenou @izakzenouillustrationist, whose beautiful illustrations beautifully embody the holiday spirit and winter delights we yearn for. get ready to make your and check it twice the premier destination is here with your favorite merry marvels! shop now: https:estee.cm31ium0g have you fluttered your way through the new revolution 3d faux mink lashes yet? false lashes that look like natural lash extensions with a gorgeous fluffy finish we have 4 to choose from! fluffy fabulous fluffy finish⁣⁣⁣ minky dramatic full on lashes⁣⁣⁣ doll natural looking slender lashes⁣⁣⁣ wispy a full feathery finish⁣⁣ emerald-eyes monday start the week fresh with luminous green eye-makeup look. get the look: hydra beauty micro gel yeux ombre première n°824 verderame le volume de chanel n°10 noir baume essentiel transparent @adesuwa calling all our blockbuster is here!! this year it includes all your must-have beauty essentials, including a full-size of new plus, you can choose your moisturizer either or available while supplies last, link in bio to learn more us only, check your local estée lauder for details about blockbuster near you do you feel your skin is dehydrated? all you need is a few daily drops of our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum to deeply hydrate and replump your skin. the best part is that, wrinkles are visibly reduced by -47 in just 6 weeks. clinical scorage, 53 women. in covid context, for your safety wear a mask. giveaway alert!! winners have been contacted via dm we’re celebrating national pumpkin day by sending two lucky babes our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette that smells as good as it looks! how to enter:⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣ follow @toofaced⁣⁣⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣⁣⁣ good luck! our 18 piece eyeshadow palettes feature a mix of creamy and buildable matte, satin and shimmer eyeshadows with a color story for everyone fill the comments with in your favorite color tap to shop 18 piece eyeshadow palettes for $14 hi my loves, so this video is not only a reveal video, but something that is super meaningful to me. yes, it’s about a product, but the product just represents the tool i used to express myself through this journey of feeling no more shame! so here it is, our new naughty nude palette! naughty nude means so much to me on so many levels. it’s more than just a palette… it’s personal sht!! it represents no more sexual shame and feeling liberated with my mind and body, and finally accepting and loving myself! now, i can finally embrace who am; i feel powerful and free in ways i’ve never felt before and i hope you feel that power too, with the palette, or with makeup or whatever sets you free. you all deserve to be empowered! love you guys so much x watch the full reveal on youtube let me know what you think my loves. so happy to finally share it with you all! with this insanely amazing red, sexy demon look! trixie used all products to create this fierce masterpiece get these products @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com naughty nude coming soon! @themarcjacobs and @ditavonteese prove two things: that camp and glam have always been best friends, and that ketchup goes with everything. the red and gold masked ball, 2004. crazy but you like that @gabxxrielle slays this electric, neon clown using our jumbo eye pencil in 'black bean' frankenstein glam for national frankenstein day! we love the name of this look from @auroreblogs using the new forever flawless enchanted palette luminous-eyes monday try your green thumb out on this metallic emerald eye-makeup look. in four simple steps you have a fresh look that shines bright. get the look: hydra beauty micro gel yeux ombre première n°824 verderame le volume de chanel n°10 noir baume essentiel transparent @adesuwa do you want to sweeten your advent time? have a look at our lovely advent calendar with 24 beauty surprises. we like it! what about you? closedwe're treating 3 spooky beauties to our essentials here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 11:00 am pdt on october 26, 2020 and ends at 11:00 am pdt on october 27, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. it’s always the perfect time to take a selfie when your brows look this good @tifanyviolet goes for to get the look! blacking outtt because of @chestermua’s dark dracula look created with our full-on crazy palette design an eye-catching cat eye with highliner liquid-gel eyeliner. find your favorite from 12 high-impact, waterproof, flake-resistant shades. shop this shiny, blacquer shade in an exclusive value set on marcjacobsbeauty.com. introducing this seductive collection of 35 uncensored shades and 7 shapeshifting brushes is just like @nikitadragun: edgy, daring, and on a whole other level the x @nikitadragun collection includes: artistry palette $30 brush set $20 value $50 @dragunbeauty must-haves launching 11.5 on morphe.com morphe stores: dragunglass matte liquid lip avail. in shades dragun blood, nikita, and bad bitch $18 dragunglass 3-way mini trio $25 transformation face powder $35 dragunwing eyeliner new in shade blackout $18 the morphe x @nikitadragun launch dates: 11.5 morphe.com, morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only, 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty 'think about it, it's a taxi that people take when they need to relax' friends series 2 airing 4th november 9am gmt4am est1am pst @illuminarty slays this killer pop art zombie using our epic ink liner where's our babes at?! we've got a new christmas-exclusive shade of our iconic lip injection extreme to plump your pout and add a pop of color to your look this season! tap to shop! perfection in a pout from skin prep to glam, get this festive look using our new blockbuster! swipe to see all your favorite including a full-size of new your choice of available while supplies last, link in bio to learn more us only, check your local estée lauder for details about blockbuster near you. model is wearing lipstick in shade impressionable 551 we are speechless @bellaguraya looks in our lip plumping gloss in peach bellini with a super shiny and plump pout tap to shop emerald-eyes monday reflect light with this shimmery green eye-makeup look. start with prepping the eye and seal it with a balm for extra shine. get the look: hydra beauty micro gel yeux ombre première n°824 verderame le volume de chanel n°10 noir baume essentiel transparent products shown @adesuwa our muse @emrata has just announced she is beautifully pregnant and we couldn't be happier! we want to congratulate the new parents-to-be and share all our love in this amazing adventure! from your kérastase family i'm too sad to walk, just give me a few hours @thaisash uses our new sfx face and body paint palette in brights primary to transform herself into sadness from inside out which emotion are you today? take the stage as the double-edge diva. this look was created by global artist @gilbertsoliz for blend in moonstoned on the lid draw a double wing with in back to the fuchsia blacquer lengthen lashes with mascara shop the look at an exclusive value on marcjacobsbeauty.com. check out @tynanbuck fake a full face of makeup by applying only sunlit bronzer and ultimate lipstick love in shade flamingo. pick one: blush, highlighter or bronzer?! @gabrielle.shoots make 'em spellbound anytime, anywhere with our killer queen 6 piece eye brush set bag it in the glittering crimson pouch to keep your tools together @desariana is a mega babe in our 24-hour born this way matte foundation! she wears shade natural beige. x-ray vision @sarinanexie has us mesmerized with this intricate she uses our epic ink liner born to glow! naturally radiant foundation to create this deadly inspo: @lithunium.snow more than glitter. more than eyeshadow. get next-level dazzle with see-quins glam glitter liquid eyeshadow. shop the shimmering shade moonstoned in an exclusive value set on marcjacobsbeauty.com. the perfect ultra-hydrating lip balm for your bedside table, car, purse, pocket the list goes on! comment your favorite place to stash ride or die lip balm shade names from left to right: grapefruit goals cheeky cherry p.s.l. tap to shop for $5 some mascara to make those eyes pop! @jaxvicious is already on the dark side of the moon... who's next? get @jaxvicious’s spooky look: lil’ bit psycho 8 color shadow palette full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette killer queen eye brush set glitter blood @jaxvicious is already on the dark side of the moon... who's next? get @jaxvicious’s spooky look: lil’ bit psycho 8 color shadow palette full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette killer queen eye brush set glitter blood listen closely as @thebubblyblonde unwraps her new lip cheek stain! double action! our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum contains 2 types of hyaluronic acids: macro hyaluronic acid hydrates and smooths the skin's surface. micro hyaluronic acid plumps out wrinkles from within. in covid context, for your safety wear a mask. forever flawless enchanted, one of our most popular palettes this october @mybeautydetails bhm 2020 working as a black woman in the beauty industry swipe to read⁣ as a continuation of our black history month celebrations, we asked eboni, shahira, courtney maggie from @teamrevolutionbeauty a few questions about what it's like to be a black woman in beauty including;⁣ what do you love about working in the beauty industry?⁣ how has being a black woman impacted your role?⁣ what do you love the most about your role?⁣ what’s your favourite revolution beauty product?⁣ read the full post on our blog 'revsays' at revolutionbeauty.com the ultimate red for any occasion is clearly dior's rouge 999! catch one if you can and treat yourself to the perfect halloween manicure. dior vernis 999 rouge 999 definitely more than just a lip balm! our nourishing color booster lip balm creates a shiny finish, nourishes the lips and makes them look fuller. have you tried it already? adds to cart immediately our blockbuster is here for a limited time featuring beauty must-haves to make your season merry bright– including new gorgeous eye shadow palettes, and more! us only, see details, check your local estée lauder for details about blockbuster near you colder weather calls for the warmth eye cheek palette. this limited-edition must-have was designed by brooklyn artist @boombachs and comes in planet-friendly packaging so you can feel good about your purchase. grab it at @sephora before it's gone. flick it. wing it. draw it whatever your eyeliner level, you can achieve any desired look with this black felt tip liquid eyeliner pen looking for a light care to wear under a mask? our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum absorbs quickly and leaves you with a non-greasy finish and it is suitable for all skin types. don't you just love it? in covid context, for your safety wear a mask. it's hydrating season and our best-selling hangover pillow balm is back in stock! treat your lips to this pillowy soft, ultra-hydrating replenishing lip treatment. repost @huda this might seem like a normal campaign video an awesome one of course but to me it’s so much more than that. this video felt so liberating to make and represents learning to love myself and how powerful that made me, and ultimately a better lover to my hubby sorry if that’s tmi thank you to my incredible team who helped bring this to life! modest or adventurous. effortless or elegant. blacquer says it all. shop these bold, black shades on marcjacobsbeauty.com. naughty nude coming soon! make your own rules. 4 sexy af textures matte: filthy, untamed, naughty, rough, hypnotic, arouse, juicy spicy metallics: irresistible, tantric, desire, please me shameless marble creams: passion, flower power, provocative hard never before seen, pearl gloss hybrid: slippery dropping everywhere on 1101 swipe left to see swatches if you still haven't tried 16hr camo concealer... what are you waiting for? @essexrockstar uses our 16hr camo concealer in the shade tan sand for a high-coverage and long-lasting base for this gorgeous green eye look tap to shop adding this simple makeup look to our mood board products used: brow styler eyebrow pencil powder duo shade 4.5 neutral deep brown hello happy flawless brightening foundation shade 6 medium neutral warm hoola matte bronzer @itssangtime and the 2020 global winner is…. @sofiamarkova! thank you to the mind-blowing artists who participated in this year's competition to the amazing @mimles for helping us determine the newest addition of our @sofiamarkova from russia sofia's magical fortune teller transformation had @mimles seeing into the future thank you to everyone who participated made our come to life every costume needs a little glitter! we've got you covered with our glitter palettes, or with our mess-free glitter gel. get ready to sparkle get it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com serving some naughty nude confidence! swipe left for the tutorial @huda these are a few of our favorite things our holiday blockbuster is here with all your must-have makeup and skincare including a full-size of new your choice of tag a friend who needs to add this to their @michellexadri us only, check your local estée lauder for details about blockbuster near you. spooky season with the family we love seeing your looks! keep them coming for a chance to win £500, you have until 8am gmt 1st november to enter! epic ink liner just hits different who else bleeds glitter?! snag our glitter blood to add spooky sparkle to every look @dupethat let’s talk about día de los muertos w @lilylove213 giveaway alert calling all the misfits, monsters, and mischief-makers! enter for your chance to win this cape below rules: follow @wetnwildbeauty tag a friend like this post live in the us enter as many times as you'd like contest runs through midnight on friday, october 30th. winners will be dm'd and announced in our stories on saturday, ocotber 31st. must be 18 years or older to participate with different stylings of the brows the look can be easily changed. from bushy to precise, from natural to strong. we offer the ideal products for every brow styling.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ used products:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2 in 1 brow perfector⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye brow powder n°15 brownie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ three simple strokes. that’s all it takes for major volume mascara’s curvy brush to coat your lashes in maximum length and instant drama. @arielle’s secret? she combines skinlongevity long life herb serum with complexion rescue tinted moisturizer for stronger skin, all-day hydration and spf protection. available @sephora, @ultabeauty and bareminerals.com @kaitlynamor shows off her loud lips even louder voice slay your own way with our exclusive bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set a bright lippie duo plus cute co-branded bandana to wrap it all up between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org 11.5 @dragunbeauty @nikitadragun mua @lipsticknick @dragunbeauty must-haves launching 11.5 on morphe.com morphe stores: dragunglass matte liquid lip avail. in shades dragun blood, nikita, and bad bitch $18 dragunglass 3-way mini trio $25 transformation face powder $35 dragunwing eyeliner new in shade blackout $18 the morphe x @nikitadragun launch dates: 11.5 morphe.com, morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only, 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty there’s no such thing as too much get 2 full-size brow pencils for just $29 a $48 value! at @sephora available now in shade 4, a warm deep brown that’s perfect for a range of different brow shades! until death do us part... love is forever vintage catrina bride @lilylove213 transforms herself into a día de los muertos classic catrina bride hasta que la muerte nos separe ¡el amor es para siempre la novia catrina de epoca! @lilylove213 se transforma en una novia clásica catrina del día de los muertos total control drop foundation sfx face body paint palette in primary ultimate edit petite shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' precision brow pencil tinted brow mascara slide on glide on eye pencil in 'jet black' sfx creme colour in 'gold' jumbo eye pencil in 'black bean' 'milk' ultimate- shadow palette in 'smokey highlight' epic wear liner sticks epic wear liquid liners glitter goals cream pro palette soft matte lip cream epic ink liner on the rise volume liftscara which nighttime serum is the most adapted for your hair needs? 1. the 8h magic night serum suits all hair types that have one concern in common: dryness. it’s magical formula enriched with 5 nutrients blend and iris root is designed to bring a long lasting nourishment effect. 2. the sérum cicanuit is adapted to all types of blonde to hydrate and heal from bleach damage. its formula contains high concentration of hyaluronic acid, that deeply repair hair erasing up to 55 of bleach damage. all of the nudes you need in one palette. who's fallin' for these modern nude shades in our born this way eye shadow palette? available @sephora. colours of chanel gold is light. gold has always been on the spectrum of chanel’s colours. inspired by the opulent jewellery she wore, gabrielle chanel always used small touches of gold a subtle luxurious detail on bags, jackets and lipstick cases. “i like the color of gold.” @liuwenlw she a little booooo thang @yesminofficial transforms into a moth queen as part of our series! be in with a chance to win an at-home studio kit and a revolution bundle worth £500. share your looks by hashtagging and tag @makeuprevolution and @iheartrevolution 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. these swatches @beauty.by.taiba are “divine decadence, darling!” as sally bowles in cabaret 1974. for when your skin needs a little bit of hydration our hydrating camo concealer is light-weight, full-coverage and gives your skin a boost of hydration for a satin finish tap to shop for $6 @kirathelight uses the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette and prismatica lip gloss kit to get this warm and soft look, perfect to add a prismatic shine to an everyday makeup look. sharp edges @nessasunshine is subtle but sexy in our full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette we’ll take our brows like this, fang you very much @beautybysabrinalod gets a soft, natural look using we’ll take our brows like this, fang you very much @beautybysabrinalod gets a soft, natural look using are you feeling the berries or nudes in the collection? @trendmood1 voting is a vibe today is the last day to request a mail-in ballot! don't forget to request your mail-in ballot, fill it out in blue or black ink and read it carefully @samuel.rayy of @poutbeautybar is glam to the bone w this bone-chilling look. look created with: metallic eyeshadow trio in midnight heat @suvabeauty in grease @plouisemakeupacademy base shade run, run, as fast as you can, snatch up our gingerbread palette and complete your glam! grab our warm toasty gingerbread spice mini palette before it’s gone! @hayleynoellexo this look is making us bat an eye who will be slaying voting this election season?! bag the exclusive bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set and show us how you use your voice… and accessories @leabelle between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org @itsevasmu is back from the dead and we just love inspired by @jennseren sneaky peek into how the magic is made 8h of sleep in a tube we also call it our wonder skin primer. our complexion-perfecting primer with blurring effect is all you need for a smooth base! far from ordinary are you searching for an intensive anti-wrinkle serum that is... hydrating smoothing repumpling go for our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum! it's perfect for daily use and in just 1 week, skin feels bouncier, firmer and more toned. in covid context, for your safety wear a mask. all your dreams have come true. the i heart revolution disney collection is now available our most magical collaboration yet, @iheartrevolution has teamed up with disney to bring you an unmissable makeup collection for modern day princesses express your inner princess with the full belle, tiana and cinderella collections:⁣ disney eyeshadow palettes £15$20€16.99⁣ disney heart highlighters £8 $10€8.99⁣ disney lip toppers £5$7€5.99⁣ disney lashes £8$10€8.99⁣ available at revolutionbeauty.com @superdrug @maquillalia @boozyshop @makeupmusthaves.nl pink panda @cocolitapl @mintishop other global partners soon! celebrate halloween with nostalgia and elegance. curl up with hitchcock's classic rear window that will keep you captivated until the end! dior forever matte 1n 2w dior forever skin correct 1w flash luminizer 002 ivory diorshow brow styler 004 black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black 5 couleurs couture 079 black bow dior contour 999 rouge dior 999 matte colours of chanel gold is light. gold dresses up the cases of chanel beauty products and shimmers on the eyes in shades of bronze to amber. discover this iconic golden look imagined by @luciapicaofficial and recreate it yourself. get the look: sublimage la crème sublimage l’essence fondamentale les beiges healthy glow sheer powder n°21 les beiges healthy glow sheer colour stick les beiges healthy glow natural eyeshadow palette deep le volume de chanel n°10 noir rouge coco flash n°106 dominant @liuwenlw mark your calendars! dropping on repost @huda are.u.ready? this palette means so much to me on so many levels. it's more than just makeup. it represents no more sexual shame yes, but also embracing yourself so that you can be powerful in ways you never knew. if you keep on believing, the dream you wish will come true swipe to take a closer look at the cinderella collection from the incredible @iheartrevolution disney collaboration the palette is an all-in-one face and eye palette, that has been inspired by the disney classic collectible fairytale books. open to reveal a page of matte and shimmer eyeshadows from royal blue hues to dazzling teals, silver shades and pops of pink. on the other page, you’ll find three blushers in pink, peach and light bronze alongside three highlighters in silver white, bronze and gold.⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ the highlighter is a subtle silver that will leave you with a pearlescent pink glow.⁣ the lip topper is a non-sticky clear gloss with a silver shimmer. wear alone or over the top of your favourite i heart revolution lip colour.⁣ the lashes are faux mink synthetic lashes, that will leave you with a voluminous fanned out feather finish.⁣ available at revolutionbeauty.com @superdrug @maquillalia @boozyshop @makeupmusthaves.nl pink panda @cocolitapl @mintishop other global partners soon! vamp it up for halloween with this easy tutorial from @barbieconga. head to thlink in bio to see how you can transform yourself in under 5 minutes using only essentials. the gorgeous @camposroberta manifesting her curls and we’re obsessed! because one highlighter is never enough. the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit includes three shades of our best-selling pressed highlighter mini to add three times the glow to your holiday look. a $66 value. this look is a little mystery, a little glam, and a whole lot of wow, all done with our products. mua photo credit: @jordanliberty; model: @officialgabija; hair: @louisemooninc find them @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com is wearing a mask drying and tightening your skin? sit back and enjoy our repumpling mask! you will instantly replump your skin with moisture. in covid context, for your safety wear a mask. colours of chanel gold is light. gold dresses up the cases of chanel beauty products and shimmers on the eyes in shades of bronze to amber. discover this iconic golden look imagined by @luciapicaofficial and recreate it yourself. get the look: sublimage la crème sublimage l’essence fondamentale les beiges healthy glow sheer powder n°21 les beiges healthy glow sheer colour stick les beiges healthy glow natural eyeshadow palette deep le volume de chanel n°10 noir rouge coco flash n°106 dominant @liuwenlw we love it on top! @itssangtime volumizes her lips the easy way with our lip injection maximum plump, one of our most scientifically advanced plumpers ever!! get that glow girl in case you missed it: our blockbuster is here! get all your must-have for a limited time, including a full-size of new your choice of available while supplies last, link in bio to learn more choice between revitalizing supreme and resilience multi-effect, us only, check your local estée lauder for details about blockbuster near you minty fresh and hydrated lips our ride or die lip balm in mighty mint repairs dry lips with jojoba oil and vegan collagen for a plump and juicy pout tap to shop for $5 if you do your best each and every day, good things are sure to come your way swipe to get a closer look at our tiana collection, part of the incredible @iheartrevolution disney collaboration the palette is an all-in-one face and eye palette, that has been inspired by the disney classic collectible fairytale books. open to reveal a page of matte and shimmer eyeshadows from cute pastel greens, popping purples and mustard hues. on the other page, you’ll find three blushers in plums and deep red alongside three highlighters in bronze and gold.⁣ the highlighter is a gold powder that will leave you with a shimmering golden glow.⁣ the lip topper is a non-sticky clear gloss with bronze sheen and gold sparkle. wear alone or over the top of your favourite i heart revolution lip colour.⁣ the lashes are faux mink synthetic lashes, that will leave you with a voluminous fanned out feather finish.⁣ available at revolutionbeauty.com @superdrug @maquillalia @boozyshop @makeupmusthaves.nl pink panda @cocolitapl @mintishop other global partners soon! shatter your expectations of all-black looks. break the mold in lash-maximizing and blackest, shiniest black shade blacquer. there's soooo much talk around... slippery for all of you a little curious, here's this bad boy in action. this super unique pearl gloss hybrid, has the most insane gloss can be used wherever you want to add a little sheen lids, lips, cheekbones, décolleté... everywhere!! so excited to see all of the naughty looks you guys create with it @huda available on @sephora @maddieziegler @charlidamelio do a using their collections! swipe up on our ig story to watch the full vid over on charli's youtube channel! feline gorgeous @ariannachayleneblean uses on @murielvillera for these gorgeous brows faux freckles! some say they've seen me at the other side of the bridge. some say they've seen me on a dark alley. i'm a legend and for now i've transformed myself into a catrina meet the catrina diablo. the diablo turns into the catrina to commemorate día de muertos, the longstanding mexican tradition that honors life and death @soyletal honors the catrina diablo with this deadly transformation. she uses our new sfx face body paint palette to create the look hay quien dice que me vio en un puente, quien dice que me encontró en uncallejón. soy una leyenda y ahora tomé forma de catrina conoce a la catrina diablo. la leyenda del diablo se convierte en una leyenda inmortal, la catrina. crea tus propios looks de leyenda con la paleta sfx cream colour she's your worst nightmare @thefashionfreakk just killed this halloween look with no remorse products: full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette killer queen eye brush set glitter blood you don’t have time to be timid, you must be bold and daring! swipe to get a closer look at our belle collection, part of the incredible @iheartrevolution disney collaboration the palette is an all-in-one face and eye palette, that has been inspired by the disney classic collectible fairytale books. open to reveal a page of matte and shimmer eyeshadows from gorgeous golds, to rose reds, deep blues and a pop of silver. on the other page, you’ll find three blushers in dark pink, light plum and bronze as well as three highlighters in silver, champagne and bronze.⁣ the highlighter is a champagne gold powder that will leave you with a shimmering golden glow.⁣ the lip topper is a non-sticky clear gloss with a bright gold sparkle. wear alone or over the top of your favourite i heart revolution lip colour.⁣ the lashes are faux mink synthetic lashes, that will leave you with a voluminous fanned out feather finish.⁣ available at revolutionbeauty.com @superdrug @maquillalia @boozyshop @makeupmusthaves.nl pink panda @cocolitapl @mintishop other global partners soon! current mood: wishing the holidays would hurry the elf up our limited edition shake your beauty advent calendar is packed with 12 travel-size treats to get you in the holiday beauty spirit! available now for $65 a $139 value! at @macys @qvc @hsn @nordstrom @bloomingdales @beautylish and benefitcosmetics.com! plus, you can shop the set now directly on the instagram app and score free shipping just tap on the shopping tag! trick or treat? @dodgygrl is serving us both in this killer two-toned look if you know me, you've seen me in the back of my dark horse wearing my suit. i bet you've never seen me like this meet the catrina charro negro the mexican legend, charro negro, turns into the catrina to commemorate día de muertos @legnahernandez creates this mesmerizing transformation using our sfx face body paint palette si me conoces, me has visto cabalgar en mi caballo negro. podría apostar que no me habías visto así conoce a la catrina charro negro la leyenda del charro negro se convierte en una leyenda inmortal, la catrina. crea tus propios looks de leyenda con la paleta sfx cream colour mua: @soyletal satisfy your sweet tooth on with these chocolate faves! head over to our ig stories to see how we're celebrating and comment your fave too faced chocolate product below! @christianschild uses in blacquer on @annalorraineegle to create a spectral smokey eye for a mystical moment. photography by: @benjaminbecker she's almost there shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty just needs a tiara to complete this royal look using the tiana range in the new disney collection which princess will you be transforming into?⁣ disney palettes £15$20€16.99⁣⁣ disney heart highlighters £8 $10€8.99⁣⁣ disney lip toppers £5$7€5.99⁣⁣ disney lashes £8$10€8.99⁣ what do you see first: body or skull? @mimles has our minds blown with this intricate nutritive is a powerful range designed to make hair supple and irresistibly soft to the touch! for dry and sensitized hair, you can start your hair care routine with: 1. bain satin 2 to purify the hair, easing detangling and bringing a soft and smooth touch to the fiber. 2. followed by your new best friend, masquintense to deeply moisturize your hair. 3. and lastly, finish your routine with the overnight leave-in serum 8h magic night serum! depending on the level of dryness of your hair, nutritive got you covered with the most adapted hair care routine for all hair types and needs! find your routine by doing an online hair diagnosis in our website: www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair @giuseppefabiani giveaway closed congrats @missblair0220, @maggierose6501, @alliewaldvogel, @makeupbyelrey, @justarrow02! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win a $150 gift code to shop till you drop on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 11120 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 11320. @daisymarquez shows how she makes her lashes go big w our celebrate halloween with the spookiest shades our opposites attract palette has all the witchy vibes with 18 ultra-pigmented eyeshadows in a variety of warm and cool tones tap to shop for $14 @strashme knows how to serve up the holiday spirit using everything from our collection our new sfx face and body paint palette has us mixin' up our own concoctions ft. here are shades from the primary palette @itsjustfatimah can take a bite out of us any day we’ll take one of each give your pout that extra punch with our collection. tap to shop! we all float down here @helle.beauty uses our epic ink liner ultimate shadow palette in 'phoenix' to complete this pennywise inspired look our fave holiday's almost here show us what looks you're conjuring up with our lil’ bit psycho palette even if you're just dressing up to stay in @meyloetta this is the spooky party we want to join inspired by @pinkishpiendel when the lighting is right, but your makeup is even better. @kaushal creates this natural glam look with a full face of her becca favorites, including: skin love glow shield prime set mist aqua luminous perfecting foundation backlight priming filter ultimate coverage longwear concealer hydra-mist set refresh powder luminous blush in shade tigerlily shimmering skin perfector pressed highlighter in shade champagne pop light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in shade lunar ultimate lipstick love in shade petal amen to that, @victorialyn! we’d be down for black lipstick year-round how do you wear your get it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens mentally we are here @sakimakeupartist shows us what happens when good brows go bad your skin is literally begging you for holy hydration face cream's lightweight, creamy texture and skin-loving ingredients ingredients we're obsessed with: hyaluronic acid: helps provide hydration by locking in moisture and reducing water loss niacinamide: helps brighten and even skin tone squalane: helps improve moisture balance and elasticity peptides: helps promote collagen for a more refreshed complexion available @walmartcanada and elfcosmetics.com @cmoan.skin a lil lace liner moment @julibake slays this intricate bat liner using our epic ink liner worth the hype mascara spotlight on our bestselling shade blacquer. like a gel-pot liner encased in an elegant pencil, use it to thicken the lash line or boldly define eyes. available at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. @taliquindio is hot, hot, hot she's making us sweat in this full-on crazy devil look @laurwongs this glam is not only luminous but alluring inspired @isrellauong days left to make your voice heard! the only vote that doesn’t count is the one you don’t cast. time is ticking drop off your ballot at an official drop box or polling location, or vote in person! @iamavoter @shannonwarf welcome to our new collection: awaken your golden goddess! there is a strong, confident and glamorous goddess in every woman. together with these new products of the artdeco collection we want to awake your goddess! what do you think of our new limited edition? stay tuned for more! omg is almost here!!! let the count down begin! 3 days till launch! press play to see this naughty bad boy being swatched! matte: filthy, untamed, naughty, rough, hypnotic, arouse, juicy spicy metallics: irresistible, tantric, desire, please me shameless marble creams: passion, flower power, provocative hard never before seen, the most talked about pan, pearl gloss hybrid: slippery how revolution all started it's your time to shine, sparkle and impress! metallic, sparkling nuances meet delicate, creamy, powdery textures and let every women feel her inner goddess. 3 days till launches repost @monakattan who is excited for the launch of our naughty nude eyeshadow palette!!! this palette makes me feel so empowered, fierce and sexy!!! i can’t wait to see you unleash your naughty alter-ego️ a girl's armor can be found in her handbag. here are the perfect beauty weapons to face halloween. 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black ready for a that's more sultry than scary? @kayleeng has a boo-tiful head in the clouds look that you can create at home, using some of her favorite kaylee was inspired by instagram filters and decided to create her own as her look! want to learn how to check out our igtv later today to find out how leave a below if you love this look! ps: it’s the perfect eye look to wear with a mask! forever flawless midnight rose 18 shades of warm brown and red tones, with a mixture of foil matte and shimmer shadows inspired by the idea of gorgeous instagram filters that we all love to use, @kayleeng’s head is just dreamy! her look isn’t just a fantasy if you watch kaylee’s igtv, she shows you how to make this filter-inspired look irl! get kaylee's look: new advanced night repair synchronized multi-recovery complex: https:estee.cm34bxdkm double wear stay-in-place flawless wear concealer in 1w light: https:estee.cm37tt4ea double wear stay-in-place makeup in 1n2 ecru: https:estee.cm37qwdwj powder blush in wild sunset: https:estee.cm3mb0hyg sculpting eyeshadow 5-color palette in currant desire: https:estee.cm3e8tgr1 shadowpaint in wicked peach part of a set: https:estee.cm34b0lil paint-on liquid lip matte in 304 quiet riot: https:estee.cm31rrdc6 paint-on liquid lip matte in 521 sweet nothing: https:estee.cm2gdgcpk featherlight brow enhancer in black: https:estee.cm3e9wnte little black liner: https:estee.cm3e8tvvp infinite waterproof eyeliner in blackened onyx: https:estee.cm3oz8ejj brushes: foundation brush, blending shadow brush, concealer brush: https:estee.cm3jf6rpd set refresh perfecting makeup mist: https:estee.cm34ere88 colours of chanel gold is light. sublimage l’essence fondamentale works to restore harmony to the face and re-densify skin. use it like a serum morning andor evening and apply before sublimage la crème. hydrates, smooths replumps skin! revitalift filler hyaluronic acid replumping tissue mask features... concentrated hyaluronic acid 0.3mm tissue mask japanese cotton tissue deck the halls with voluptuous volume! it’s our bestselling better than sex mascara wrapped up as a limited edition christmas ornament! we’re howl about these @jaydeensarah dips into our cakeless concealer, air stick foundation in shade 2.5, matte bronzer and in shade 4! prime. correct. set. 3 simple steps to brighter eyes in an instant with blur lines under the eye and prep for makeup with anti-fatigue under eye primer. instantly neutralize dark circles and brighten with under eye brightening corrector. set under eye makeup and instantly brighten using under eye brightening setting powder. congrats to our winners @sofromerow and @coilsoflove omg… shoes we’ve partnered with @egoofficial to give you a makeup and shoe collection refresh 2 lucky winners will receive: $100 gift card to egoshoes.com $100 gift card to elfcosmetics.com rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @egoofficial [2] like this post [3] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends monday, november 2nd at 9am pt. no purchase necessary. the two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. ow ow! @mualeahlangford crushed the with this look, using all products products used: mega last lip color hazardous red 10 pan shadow palette boogie nights stencil comic misfit multistick black paint pot white glitter palette this bites color mascara purple glitter liner magic trick face and body gems bone to be wild wild shine nail polish glow in the dark top coat get them @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com here are a few of our favorite things makeup setting spray jumbo- matte is our for keeping our lookin' fresh what product is your holy grail? @beautyandboujee pumpkin or demon? @makeupbyconner is serving up the scary in truffle blush available online at @ultabeauty speaking of treats, what's your fave halloween candy?! share in the comments below what do you like to do after a 'very long, hard day?' hey boo, don’t miss lippies for $5 or less rn on morphe.com select stores! every woman is a strong, confident and glamorous goddess. it's your time to shine! swipe left to see more of our new eyeshadow shades! get the look: beauty box trio limited edition eyeshadow n°810 sparkle shooting star eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding metallic lip jewel n°40 extravagant happy thursday my loves! what time is it where you’re at? it’s 9:35 pm here in dubai photo edited by my amazing angel @hudabeauty.updates @makeupbyliesel is the big badass wolf inspired by @abbyroberts @mardibarts our babes are killin’ it in matte!! @mmjhottie locks in her look with our born this way matte shade natural beige. our babes are killin’ it in matte!! @mmjhottie locks in her look with our born this way matte shade natural beige. meet check out how to get more for your tag a to let ‘em know! benefits: get 15 off your next order, just for joining earn points by shopping online and in morphe stores score perks like b-day gifts, early access to sales, and exclusive events redeem points on all your must-have products!! sign up over morphe.com only! completely mesmerized by @kahlovera's marigold talavera inspired la catrina makeup look in celebration of día de los muertos totalmente hipnotizado por el look de maquillaje de la catrina inspirado en cempasuchil talavera, creado por @kahlovera en celebración del día de los muertos sfx face body palette in 'primary' 'brights' ultimate shadow palette california beamin' glow booster jumbo eye pencil in 'black bean' on the rise volume liftscara epic wear liquid liner in 'white' 'yellow' glitter primer powder puff lippie in 'crushing hard' epic ink liner @chrisgomezphotography just throw some pixie dust on it and glow like @pressleyhosbach in our fairy lights shimmering body powder 70 off right now plus, use code pressley to get 10 off sitewide @flaviaesantiago looking beautiful as always with her gorgeous curls! how are you taking care of and protecting your curls this winter? share with us your hair care routine down below in the comments! @jhonyveiga our series continues with @elliewillansmua creating this evil butterfly pixie look be in with a chance to win an at-home studio kit and a revolution bundle worth £500. share your looks by hashtagging and tag @makeuprevolution and @iheartrevolution 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. this year, give the gift of glowing skin. our mini skinlongevity long life herb trio features travel-friendly sizes of skin-strengthening favorites. tap our to learn more. comment below with your best halloween costume ideas!! @theerealkarlaj is lookin' like danger with a glitter blood bite @katiifirecat is simply meant to be sally from the nightmare before christmas she uses epic ink liner to detail this spooky look we are here for this warm fall look on @chrisspy products featured: poreless putty primer primer infused blush in always punchy troublemaker faux mink lashes halo glow setting powder liquid glitter eyeshadow in flirty birdy facial oil mist in soothing expert liquid liner tap to shop! to spooky sister @jamescharles and this unforgettable artistry created by @thewigsandmakeupmanager @jonsams congratulations to @evensyaxo you are the week 4 winner of our fantasy makers makeup contest 2020 and you have won $250! voting begins tomorrow! everyone come by our ig stories to vote for 1 of the 4 finalists to help pick who will win the $2,500 grand prize and 1 year on the pr mailing list! grand prize winner will be announced on halloween october 31, 2020 what goodies are you using to slay your this year? also drop some inspo below for us last minute queens! in the dark, you’ll encounter your deepest desires. create the ultimate cat eye by lining your eyes with in shade blacquer. in the dark, you’ll encounter your deepest desires. create the ultimate cat eye by lining your eyes with in shade blacquer. top off your halloween glam with a pop of spicy color! our @mariale amor caliente palette is packed with 12 sexy shades that celebrate color like never before. @shelbycarignan uses backlight primer, under eye brightening corrector the prismatica palette for bright, spooky look. bad witches only @mafemartino wears our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation as a base for this wicked slay double, double toil and trouble. fire burn, and cauldron bubble. black-lipped witches, this is for you. in blacquer, the perfect hue. available on marcjacobsbeauty.com. don't be scared, boo... we're always down to see your look how are you halloweening at home this year?! simple, yet spooky @glowinriss gets this eye look with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black boi-ing cakeless concealer 6 medium cool! a moment of silence for these gorgeous $3 srsly satin lipsticks please... thank you. srsly satin lipsticks have one-swipe pigment with a smooth satin finish and comes in 10 shades shades from left to right: taffy nectar cider cocoa tap to shop available @douglascosmetics @christintalksbeauty our biggest brow deal of the year is here! our magnificent brow show full-size eyebrow value set features 5 full sizes of all our brow bestsellers for just $49 ...that’s a $120 value! volumizing gel cream-gel pomade available now in shades 2, 3, 4 5 just tap on the product tag to shop directly on instagram. lash envy @vanquishbridal @femmeglamour repost @vanquishbridal @hudabeautyshop no caption needed really! swipe to see without mascara! you'll see the huuuuge difference the @hudabeauty mascara has made! @hudabeauty mini used for eyeshadow, love how versatile these are! sparkle, sparkle, sparkle! our lip jewel n°36 summer lights brings absolute glamour on your lips. if you want to see it applied swipe left! at we are commited to improving the environmental or social footprint of all our new products. as a part of our elvive renovation initiative, all of our shampoos and conditioners are made of 100 recycled and recyclable plastic. our ultimate goal is to reach 100 recycled pet, and 50 recycled plastic all types by 2025! new launch today false lash volume in an instant! our new false lash mink effect mascara is here to take your lashes from flat to false volume in just two swipes our first curved silicone layer-reveal brush with inner bristles captures the tiniest lashes you didn’t even know you had, whilst outer bristles add volume definition to create the look of longer faux mink lashes lashes appear longer for a maximum mink effect with a true black pigment swipe to see the brush in more detail available now £8€8.99$10 how gorgeous?! 2 full size mascaras in 1 discover the other side of our elvive bottles care for the planet how? they're manufactured in france in a carbon neutral factory, which uses 100 renewable energy with zero co2 emissions. is commited to producing sustainable because the environment is worth it! new launch no words needed swipe to see the new false lash mink effect mascara results yourself gold standard. holy grail. mascara curls, lengthens and defies all your lash expectations. available at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. “what makes you a barebeauty?” meet member abinaya @abiyak favorite bare product: endless glow highlighter in fierce and the strength length mascara best beauty tipadvice: beauty starts from within, when you're happy you glow make sure to follow @abiyak press play for an exciting announcement from adam, founder of revolution beauty shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty about how we’re taking steps to authentically improve representation at revolution! make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution for more details coming later in november! okay foundation, now let's get in formation. upgrade your glam with the perfect finish! which foundation is your holy grail? the good giveaway we teamed up with another brand who understands the power of good @senreve. they were founded on the principles that the fashion industry could produce handbags responsibly, with more care for our planet. enter to win one of their stunning cruelty-free, vegan handbags retails at $395, as well as $369 of vegan @bareminerals products. here's how: 1. follow @bareminerals and @senreve 2. like this post. 3. tag two friend in the comments. no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends november 6, 2020 at 11:59 pm et. see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: https:bit.ly35l3oh7. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. stargazing! our limited blush couture is definitely an eyecatcher. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°870 metall espresso⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewels n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ tell us your opinion about it in the comments!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ dial m for makeup, and say hello to gorgeous deep shades to create a timeless beauty look. as timeless as a hitchcock classic. dior forever skin correct 7n diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge dior 976 metallic dior vernis 970 nuit 1947 it's a bonus points weekend don't miss out on getting your £5 voucher in revrewards points to spend offer applies to full price products only, excludes sale items. you must be be logged into your revolutionbeauty.com account in order to qualify for this offer. £5 voucher automatically applied to your account as 100 points. full terms and conditions on revolutionbeauty.com @jvongphoumy wears hydrating camo concealer in light beige with this look for long-lasting, full coverage with a satin finish comment the reason you love hydrating camo concealer below tap to shop for $6 halloqueen @julibake goes for precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 2.5 neutral blonde to frame this festive eye look! @jacquilea.artistry put that twist on a spin giveaway closed! congrats @tgbeauty, @dezi.me.rollin, @mamabearr2, @rsandra21, @rachelkeown1, @leslieearaceli, @gattikaflaca, @kristenmurrayyy, @sidneybrantley08, @maj.beauty! thank you for everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win from @suvabeauty! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @suvabeauty like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: fave liner shade? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 11220 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 11420. from @suvabeauty are now available on morphe.com! ️uv brights: 5 new uv-reactive bright neon hydra fx smoosh, thunder wear, nacho problem, avocuddle, weirdough fine liner brush⁠ uv taffies: 5 new uv-reactive pastel hydra fx mini monster, cuddle cake, silly billy, bubble butt, smarty pants fine liner brush⁠ show off your shimmy, won’t you? layer on lavish see-quins glam glitter liquid eyeshadow in shimmy dip and dance the night away. available at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. a lil blue moment @ludmilamua transforms herself into this bright-eyed skeleton using our vivid brights liners to detail in between the lines one step ahead of the game! as a haircare icon, elvive prides itself on selecting high affinity ingredients like ceramide-r, vegetal keratin and arginine. we also use the newest patented co-emulsion technology, which allows ingredients to penetrate deeper into the hair fiber for stronger, healthier hair right down to the cortex. who is scared? it's halloween-eve! @uniqueangelxo has used our fake blood spray scar putty wax to create this um scary clown! wear your feminine energy. shimmery brown and mauve tones pair with pink lips for a carefree yet captivating look. “these feminine shades are so flattering and easy to apply that it really is a chance to have fun.” lucia pica get the full look: les beiges water-fresh tint light baume essentiel transparent stylo ombre et contour n°12 contour clair les 4 ombres n°352 elemental rouge allure n°191 rouge brûlant shop the products through the link in our bio. @lucangillespie @luciapicaofficial it's all in her name @deysidanger is brooding and 100 that witch get 10 off anything on our site using her code danger we see... unicorn genie 80's rockstar ...what do you see in our products? create it! paint palette brights paint pot white assorted get them @walmart @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and at wetnwildbeauty.com the @sephora vib sale is finally here. don't miss your chance to stock up on your becca favorites. @sumayyah.islam finishes off her flawless look with pressed highlighter in our best-selling shade, champagne pop. if the question is glitter, the answer is yes complete your with a quick hit of glitter what's your fave way to add a lil sparkle? @cfandino huffed and puffed and blew this look up henny inspired by @milk1422 another week in the books, hoping everyone has a relaxing weekend with vibes like these. @yaroslavnash our salted caramel mini eye shadow palette is a real treat! filled with 8 exclusive warm and buttery neutrals that smell like salted caramel! grab any @jaclynhill 10-shadow palettes for $10 rn on morphe.com select stores! @anna.kuruch the one where friends x revolution series 2 starts 4th november 9am gmt4am est1am pst drop your fave halloween emojis below if you don’t want spooky szn to end! recreate this gilded, smoky eye look with gold edition in olive you blended onto the crease and gold-plated shade top brass across the lid. top it off with mascara. available at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. artistry by: @morganemartini videography by @christianferretti model: @justjenaye why so serious? @emberjohnson is readyyy for in this midnight festival mask dry hair? not that scary! this halloween, learn a trick to treat dry lengths and spook away bad hair days forever! the magic potion in the 8h magic night sérum is the combination of: iris root extract vitamin b3 vitamin b5 vitamin b6 vitamin c vitamin e! the trick is to apply a few drops of this magical overnight sérum into the lengths and ends of your hair before going to bed and enjoy a good night sleep find out the best routine for your hair needs by doing our online hair diagnosis: www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair comment below if you have tried our new putty blush the newest addition to the putty family is lightweight, buildable, and blends seamlessly into skin with a semi-matte finish tap to shop for $6 alert happy hallow's eve, beauties! we're closing out spooky szn with one last giveaway! we're treating lucky winner to a bundle of our current obsessions! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy! us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 2:00 pm pdt on october 30, 2020 and ends at 2:00 pm pdt on november 1, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. sound off what is your all-time fave vampire movietv show? @gold.enqueen inspired by @byagnesmatilda it was a dark and stormy night… be the star of your own story with a thunderstorm by @heidyasanchez! this dramatic look will send ️shockwaves️ even when wearing a mask! p.s: head to igtv soon to see how heidy achieved this look with fellow member @mistyjustice1! stay gold so all eyes stay on you. shop limited-edition eye essentials with the gold collection, featuring 5 exclusive shades of and the eye-conic palette in extravagance! available at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. that girl is poison @zoe.ellen.mua uses our new sfx face body palette to create this venomous look a storm is brewing! ️get carried away this with a thunderstorm-themed from @heidyasanchez and @mistyjustice1. learn how to get their dramatic look that will stun even with a mask! watch on igtv now to learn how to get their look and be all the rage this halloween. shop heidy’s look: the smoother universal perfecting primer: https:estee.cm2homki8 shadowpaint in midnight fury part of a set: https:estee.cm37yf24a stay-in-place makeup in 5w1 bronze: https:estee.cm2tdtpm3 little black liner: https:estee.cm383nuqw radiant concealer in 1n for the lightning️: https:estee.cm3ec7qf9 stay-in-place eye pencil: https:estee.cm3ebv9ha sumptuous rebel mascara: https:estee.cm37wcegj shop misty’s look: futurist aqua brilliance watery glow primer: https:estee.cm35n85qb stay-in-place makeup in 3n1 ivory beige: https:estee.cm320tb3j flawless concealer in 1c light: https:estee.cm35q1cnp little black liner: https:estee.cm383nuqw stay-in-place eye pencil in onyx: https:estee.cm3ki4n7y shadowpaint in midnight fury part of a set: https:estee.cm37yf24a sumptuous rebel mascara: https:estee.cm37wcegj sculpting eyeshadow 5-color palette in dark ego: https:estee.cm35riypd oil-infused lip shine: https:estee.cm2jmh182 glam or gorey? why choose? see how becca was incorporated into these halloween looks. @juliadantasbeauty wears the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette @betsaliemua wears ultimate lipstick love in ruby @weronikabociag wears zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip @mptiasmua wears pressed highlighter in pearl grim grinning ghosts came out to socialize @honorschaffermakeup inspired by @pinkishpiendel unreal!! catching all the feels for @princess.kaae who wears our born this way super coverage concealer in shade mahogany. @laurenrohrer sets the scene with our full-on crazy and glitter blood which shade from our new ultimate utopia shadow palette is your fave? ours is this electric green @trulee uses our hydrating camo concealer for this glam as e.l.f. smokey eye and we are living for it tap to shop for $6 always go with a bold lip pro artist @beccalynzmua completes this bold lip with our suede matte lip liner in ‘alien’ suede matte lipstick in ‘alien’ gloss as a topper! available at @ultabeauty check out our story for a full swatch @lynnacsecnarf is shaking cruella minus the cruelty @stenss is giving us 101 reasons to be obsessed with her ultimate matte makeup share your own slay with us and tag spotted: @slaybyciara looking fierce as a leopard she defines her brows to perfection with our in shade 4.5! leave your guesses below! how many treats are in our basket?! 1 day left till launches! who's excited? so stunning, naughty sultry! @grwrady love you beautiful! repost @grwrady so excited and honoured that i was given the opportunity to try the newest @hudabeauty naughty palette before it officially launches on november 1st! huda beauty is one of my all time favourite brands mainly because of the quality of their products but also because of how innovative they are with their concepts and formulas and this palette is no exception! it comes with 18 super pigmented, sexy shades that will literally compliment everyone @grwrady eyes palette base @hudabeauty stick foundation in ‘angel food’ ‘shortbread’ @hudabeauty easy bake powder in ‘poundcake’ goddesses eyes just need 3 eyeshadow shades. apply eyeshadow n°870 metal espresso, n°840 sparkle copper rush and n°890 metal devine gold on your eyelid and awake your golden goddess! swipe left to get inspired by the whole look! halloween is a full-time job for some anyone else relaxing today? hold on to your red, don't let go! hanging out for halloween? make sure you get your hands on that exciting color, that color of excitement: your red 999! rouge blush 999 coming tomorrow repost @hudabeautyshop @dupethat @beautyfxbyceleste unleash your fiercest, naughty alter-ego with new naughty nude! launching 111 18 delicious shades in 5 ultra-wearable textures: 8 velvety-soft mattes 5 high-shine metallics 3 multi-reflective marble creams 1 hypnotic marble cream 1 never-seen-before gloss with encapsulated bronze berry pearls you read that right. our pressed highlighter has over 100,000 5-star reviews. our best-selling shade, champagne pop, started the highlight craze you're welcome and we've now expanded our collection to 10 shades for all skin tones so everyone can sweep on their most natural, luminous glow. how many do you have? shop all shimmering skin perfector's during @sephora @sephoracanada's holiday event. which mascara is your bff? our mascara range now includes our new false lash mink effect mascara save this handy guide for our full lineup curl elevation⁣⁣ big lash⁣⁣ wispy lash⁣⁣ new! false lash mink effect⁣⁣ big lash⁣⁣ stretch it out⁣⁣ the mascara revolution⁣⁣ the waterproof revolution @mistyjustice1 has a thunderstorm that will look stunning, even with a mask! want to learn how to get misty's look? check out our igtv to see how misty and fellow member @heidyasanchez created the look! it’s that time of the year where you can spook away your hair’s worst nightmares with a simple magic solution: the 8h magic night sérum! take the time at night before going to bed to perform this beauty ritual on your hair. the trick is to apply a few drops of the 8h magic night sérum on your lengths and ends. its magical formula will deeply penetrate the fiber to restore the balance of your hair’s nutrition levels. leave-in overnight and after 8h, and voilà! your hair is nourished and soft with a silky touch! isn’t it magical? treat your dry hair with this effortless night time beauty gesture for a good night of sleep! find your routine by doing an online hair diagnosis in our website: www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair end the night here. however hard you go for halloween, smoothness hydrating cleansing oil will gently dissolve away all your makeup, leaving skin smooth and hydrated. halloween, we’re ready for ya create all the feels with our warm spicy pumpkin spice eye shadow palette! comment below if you're wearing it today. happy halloween! comment your favorite makeup trick and we'll hand out some treats our new false lash mink effect mascara forever flawless affinity is the perfect combo coming tomorrow can't wait to see you happy halloween, witches! in honor of sabrina’s birthday, we’ve conjured up limited stock of our beloved collection! head online to nyxcosmetics.com now to grab yours before they’re gone forever part 4 of begins 12.31.2020 lions and tigers and brows, oh my! @candylover89 finishes her halloween scarecrow look with it wouldn't be without a @makeup.just.for.fun wild nights out might be a thing of the past, but that won’t stop us from remembering the good times. supper club halloween, new york city, 1997: @candyprattsprice and @themarcjacobs. the votes are in! the grand prize winner of the is @elliotsfx congratulations on this stunner! thank you to all of our amazing entrants keep following us for more and new product announcements! in honor of sabrina’s birthday today, we’ve conjured up extremely limited stock, available now, online only at nyxcosmetics.com stream part 4 on 12.31.20 shivers down your spine, or just the excitement of halloween? the only touch you can trust is a caress of 999! capture totale super potent serum dior forever matte 2w dior forever skin correct 1w flash luminizer 002 ivory diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 999 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow 24h stylo 076 pearly silver rouge contour 999 rouge dior 999 satin dior vernis 999 rouge 999 want to see how we do it? the plastic used for the elvive renovation is 100 recycled apart from the cap, which means that our array of shampoos and conditioners might be made of your favorite soda or mineral water bottle. so remember to recycle every chance you get! @gabxxrielle is the perfect storm it's time for the devils to come out to play whether at home or out, we hope you're slaying safely happy babes! @roteeda in our take me back to brazil palette back for a limited time in honor of sabrina’s birthday, exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com only! stream part 4 on 12.31.20 beneboos—doing your brows doesn’t have to be scary! our is here to stay slay in your brows all day! waterproof smudge-proof easy to apply before and after what do you think about the difference? get the look: eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow n°860 metal auburn eyeshadow n°531 matt brick eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca high precision liquid liner n°01 black amazing effect mascara limited edition blusher n°35 oriental red blush lip jewel n°30 showgirl image credits: @natascha.lindemann clean color for healthy-looking skin, all winter long. get everything you need for this warm glowy look in the 4-piece @ultabeauty fan favorites set, featuring: all-over face color loose bronzer in warmth 0.05 oz loose blush in glee mauve rose 0.05 oz barepro longwear lipstick in hibiscus 0.04 oz mineral veil finishing powder 0.03 oz makeup look created by global makeup artist @carlygiglio gimme the tricks and the treats @hello.venus’s blueberry muffin look is good enough to eat galactic glam global education artist, jazmine created this gorgeous halloween look using our born this way super coverage concealer powder foundation, diamond light highlighter, chocolate gold eye shadow palette, better than sex mascara, and glitter pop eyeliner! red and smoky, smoky and hot! add some heat to your smoky eye look... turn it red, turn it up! capture totale super potent serum dior forever matte 2w dior forever skin correct 1w flash luminizer 002 ivory diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 999 5 couleurs couture 879 rouge trafalgar diorshow 24h stylo 076 pearly silver rouge contour 999 rouge dior 999 satin dior vernis 999 rouge 999 tag a who needs to try this large and in charge that won’t flake out @dupethat no tricks, just treats. be effortlessly fearless in candy-corn shade orange crush and dark-as-night shade blacquer. they've been waiting to let loose who's getting tonight?! full-on crazy 14 color shadow palette lil’ bit psycho 8 color shadow palette happy halloween! thank you to our team of influencers who have transformed using revolution products! swipe to see all the final looks! which one did you like best?⁣ you can still enter our competition and win an at-home studio kit and a revolution makeup bundle worth £500 all you have to do is join the challenge and enter before 8am bst sunday 1st november 1. transform yourself and get creative using the halloween collection⁣ 2. upload your look on instagram and tiktok, tag @makeuprevolution @iheartrevolution instagram only hashtag for a chance to win 3. double entry if you post it on your feed to get your followers involved too! optional⁣ we challenge you to not be a basic witch this halloween tcs:⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 8am bst on sunday 1st november 2020. 1 winner will be chosen at random. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 48 hours of the end of the competition. 1 winners will receive £500 of makeup revolution and i heart revolution products and an at home studio kit. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. we were blown away by all the amazing entries this year for our fantasy makers contest 2020 thank you to all our participants and keep creating the phenomenal looks that you did you're true artists! here are just a few of our favorite looks from this year's contest in order: @dcmakeupa @imogenhearts @mahuuum @jazzthemua @conniemendez16 if you need some last minute, majestic af halloween inspo @roxettearisa uses luminous putty primer, the earth ocean eyeshadow palette, bite size face duo in watermelon, h2o proof eyeliner and ride or die lip balm in grapefruit goals for this glam butterfly look tap to shop! to do the makeup of @marioncotillard, the new face of n°5, @luciapicaofficial, chanel global creative makeup and color designer, chose to combine deep eyes bathed in shadow and light with the intensity of a velvety red lipstick. les beiges water-fresh tint les beiges poudre belle mine naturelle stylo yeux waterproof 20 espresso les 4 ombres 308 clair obscur baume essentiel transparent rouge allure velvet 38 la fascinante le vernis 18 rouge noir @eliottbliss @julibake uses our vivid brights liner in 'vivid envy' to complete this dainty, rose liner this halloween, learn once and for all the trick to treat dry hair with an effortless powerful magical solution: the 8h magic night sérum. applied in one simple step, just before bed, the 8h magic night sérum captures the healing power of sleep, enveloping the hair with vital nutrients. while you dream, let the spell of this magic bottle spook away your hair’s nightmares and enjoy the benefits of the 5 nourishing vitamins blend and iris root extract. the 8h magic night sérum milky-gel cream texture melts into the hair to be quickly absorbed. the next morning, hair looks nourished and is visibly softer, easier to style with a lightweight satin finish. isn’t it magical? happy halloween don't wake up scary tomorrow... our advanced night micro cleansing balm can melt away even the spookiest look— including eye makeup! tap to shop now! @xreyymua brought some realness where are all the fans at? at the stroke of midnight we all start talking about christmas do you prefer halloween or the countdown to christmas? comment with a or a to tell us! gourd-geous, puppy. the one and only @nevillejacobs looking sweet as pumpkin pie for when the whole crew gets spooky. see how becca was incorporated into these looks. @margeesharma wears backlight priming filter, pressed highlighter in champagne pop, and sets her look with hydra-mist set refresh powder @makeup.bymanuela wears pressed highlighter in vanilla quartz @chelsreymua wears pressed highlighter in moonstone and sets their look with hydra-mist set refresh powder @maishamouu wears light gleam liquid eyeshadow in laser @theresaeltagonde wears sunlit bronzer in bronzed bondi @elizerskylight1401 wears becca glow gloss @carladysonmakeup wears pressed highlighter in moonstone this is ⁣⁣we're completely mesmerized by this by @mimles totally toxic @keylaremache is lighting up our with this neon green skeleton moment using our sculpt and blend brush set feelin' devilish @sourandnasty slays this last minute with our shout loud satin lipstick in 'everyone lies' butter gloss in 'red velvet' happy halloween @charlemakeup inspired by @bangtsikitsiki for a lip that will last through all of your halloween festivities. wrap your lips in the warmth of the season with our long-wearing limited-edition pumpkin spice melted matte lipstick! @khaleesiisaa is lookin' like a late night snack gone wrong in our lil’ bit psycho palette @ling.kt is a ghost with the most! is using everything from the collection! the morphe x @nikitadragun launch dates: 11.5 morphe.com, morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only, 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty be a benebabe, be a voter @vanevasquz puts on her voting face, consisting of: primer cakeless concealer original caramel bronzers brow powder blush volumizing mascara lip cheek stain @iamavoter excluding the pump, our oil bottles are recyclable and contain ingredients that come from all over the world! l'oréal's solidarity sourcing program assures the quality of our natural ingredients and also allows us to build fair, long-lasting, value-creating business partnerships in the countries in which it operates. as of today, the program has a total of 5,488 beneficiaries worldwide. awaken your golden goddess and create your own glamorous look with our sparkling products. which glamour type are you?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewels from left to right:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°36 summer lights⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°30 showgirl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ has launched @huda tag your friends available at @hudabeautyshop @sephora @cultbeauty @harrods @theofficialselfridges @feelunique @bootsuk @iciparisxlnl @iciparisxlbe @officialbrownthomas we believe beauty has no age boundaries joan, 95-year-old former waaf women's auxiliary air force, adores makeup and wears it everyday even though she has been in lockdown since march. emma from @broughtonhouse1916 approached us and we really wanted to brighten joan's day by sending her a gift as this is exactly what our community stands for.⁣ the former military lady has been treated to a salon day where she had her nails and makeup done by her activity coordinators. emma used the conceal define concealer under her eyes to make the eyeshadows pop.⁣ joan also said that she really liked the lipstick colour which she wouldn’t usually pick herself so that was her favourite item. and she really likes the blue eyeshadows in the palette. i really can’t thank you enough for making her smile.⁣ surround yourself with magic and wonder this winter! many enchanting surprises await you in the atelier of dreams. has daylight savings time got you looking tired? prep, correct, and set your way to brighter eyes in instant with the 3 steps to anti-fatigue under eye primer blurs lines and preps for makeup. under eye brightening corrector brightens the under eye area with light-reflecting illuminators. under eye brightening setting powder sets makeup and brightens the under eye area. for @marioncotillard's makeup, @luciapicaofficial chose a natural complexion with les beiges water-fresh tint, intense eyes with les 4 ombres 308 clair obscur associated with baume essentiel in transparent and bold red lips with rouge allure velvet 38 la fascinante. goals your two new favorite eye experts will have you looking more radiant than ever. eye supercharged complex brightens dark circles in just 3 weeks. advanced night repair eye concentrate matrix dramatically reduces key signs of aging and fights puffiness, lines and dryness. how fitting: our vegan strength length mascara is now available globally just in time for grow your lashes longer and stronger with our plant-based mascara. happy we’re proud to offer vegan and cruelty-free products for every eye, lip, face and paw it sparkles, it glitters, it shines on your lips, on your eyes and on your skin. are you ready for a glamorous makeup? swipe left to see the eye look closer! get the look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust eyeshadow n°870 metal espresso eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold eyeliner high precision liquid liner n°1 amazing effect mascara limited edition blush couture limited edition lipliner n°148 just coffee lipliner n°140 anise lip jewel n°36 summer lights crystal beauty dust image credits: @natascha.lindemann this winter, dior has created a magical world filled with surprises that sparkle like millions of stars. repost @lolomua chloewidera wearing the sexiest palette of the moment @hudabeautyshop naughty nude eyeshadow palette the right way to recycle our eco friendly gift sets. just another way the give good, do good holiday collection lives up to its name. think we just found our new go-to look @savpalacio is giving us all the fall feels in our born this way matte foundation shade golden beige super coverage concealer shade sand. it's never too soon to start planning your gifts this year you'll find our best gifting range yet with smaller boxes and less plastic. committed to less plastic, less waste.⁣ 100 vegan cruelty free, 100 satisfaction guaranteed.⁣ now this fall spread is what we’re talking about elvive cares for your hair and cares for the planet! from full resist to dream lengths and total repair 5... all of your beloved shampoos and conditioners are made of 100 recycled and recyclable plastic to ensure that beautiful hair never comes at a cost to a beautiful planet. tell us below, which range is your all-time favorite? last day to get lippies for $5 or less rn on morphe.com select stores! @alliahussain we've got @che.mosley showing flawless contour and glow with our megaglo in i met someone get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com new month, same iconic bright bb always feel like the life of the party even with just a selfie in our take me back to brazil palette @cezz0429 until death do us part... @lilylove213 transforms herself into a día de los muertos classic catrina bride hasta que la muerte nos separe @lilylove213 se transforma en una novia clásica catrina del día de los muertos total control drop foundation sfx face body paint palette in primary ultimate edit petite shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' precision brow pencil tinted brow mascara slide on glide on eye pencil in 'jet black' sfx creme colour in 'gold' jumbo eye pencil in 'black bean' 'milk' ultimate- shadow palette in 'smokey highlight' epic wear liner sticks epic wear liquid liners glitter goals cream pro palette soft matte lip cream epic ink liner on the rise volume liftscara alert in honor of día de los muertos, we're celebrating the lives of our family and friends we're also celebrating lucky winner here's how to enter to win this bundle of our current faves: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 11:00 am pdt on november 1, 2020 and ends at 11:00 am pdt on november 2, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited this holiday season, dream with dior! be mistletoe-ready with 4 sweetly-scented travel sizes of our iconic melted matte lipstick in limited-edition christmas shades! our christmas snuggles melted kisses set is enriched with avocado oil, vitamin e, and smells like a different christmas treat! 'guys? there's a somebody i'd like you to meet' what can you see in the background? friends series 2 airing 4th november 9am gmt4am est1am pst roots looking greasy, hair feeling unfresh? keep calm and use the refreshing dry shampoo fresh affair! this lightweight, fine fragrance dry shampoo is your secret weapon to absorb excess oil on your scalp and hair. this formula is adapted for all hair types and can be used at any time of the day, leaving your roots and lengths clean and fresh with an irresistible neroli fragrance for up to 24h. cheat on bad hair days with fresh affair! now available in canada the us, soon launching worldwide. stay tuned! @salwarajaa weather any storm with in the shade silver lining. this waterproof liquid-gel eyeliner gives you intense shiny color that’s both flake- and smudge-resistant. available at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. suga, suga how'd you get so fly? @makeuptiffanyj is looking decadenttt in monochrome sugar cone shadows use her code tiffany for 10 off anything you crave clair obscur. accentuated eyes, bold lips and an airy complexion. discover the essentials of the makeup look created by @luciapicaofficial. les beiges water-fresh tint les beiges poudre belle mine naturelle stylo yeux waterproof 20 espresso les 4 ombres 308 clair obscur baume essentiel transparent rouge allure velvet 38 la fascinante le vernis 18 rouge noir which ride or die lip balm team are you on? comment below shades from left to right: just peachy tough cookie mighty mint boss berry tap to shop for $5 livingggg for this smoky glam by @nyane she wears our epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' sfx face and body paint palette in 'primary' to get the look on cloud nine w @cherise.makeup get the perfect pout add color replenish lip balm to your skincare routine for a burst of moisture and a hint of color let's settle the debate: to line, or not to line ft. here is our suede matte lipstick and lip liner in 'spicy' the you've been waiting for came early enjoy with 25 off only on our site @genaaaai want to amp up your look before the virtual holiday party? pop our pressed highlighter into your inner corner and onto your brow bone for bigger, brighter looking eyes. @celinashh wearing shimmering skin perfector in champagne pop this look’s got our glam of approval @jayyglamm adds warmth to her cheeks with matte bronzer! step into the light glamorously with in silver lining. artistry by @haroldjames on @caidylena. photography by: @pierarnophoto you've heard me scream at night, wandering the alleys looking for those who i've lost. i'm a legend and for now i've transformed myself to a catrina meet the catrina llorona. the mexican legend, the llorona, turns into the catrina to commemorate dia de muertos. @rosymcmichael slays this gorgeous look using our new sfx face body paint palettes seguro has escuchado mis gritos en noche. me has escuchado llorar por la obscuridad buscando a aquellos a los que perdí conoce a la catrina llorona. la leyenda de la llorona se convierte en una leyenda inmortal, la catrina. crea tus propios looks de leyenda con la paleta sfx cream colour. playing with your new fall palettes? lock down your look with voluptuous lashes and 24 hours of crease-proof, budge-proof, waterproof wear! shop these essentials @sephora. looking for a blush that's subtle, buildable, and long-lasting? no problem that's our find it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com who's ready to sleigh the season?! something festive af unwraps tomorrow last day to get @jaclynhill 10-shadow palettes for $10 rn on morphe.com select stores! @anna.kuruch tag someone below who needs a reminder! tag someone below who needs a reminder! liquid glitter eyeshadow in purple reign lives in our heads rent free at all times tap to shop the magical, gel-based glitter for $5 enter a seductive matrix with @nikitadragun and live out your ultimate fantasy mua: @lipsticknick hair: @hairbyjay1 products used to create this look: artistry palette shades: nicholas, shego, and rasangan transformation face powder dragunwing eyeliner new in shade blackout dragunglass liquid lip in nikita @dragunbeauty launching 11.5 on morphe.com morphe stores the morphe x @nikitadragun launch dates: 11.5 morphe.com, morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only, 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty on vacation mode @amandarrrwalker uses just volumizing brow gel to get that effortless, natural brow look! our new lip jewel n°30 showgirl brings up the perfect red sparkle on your lips. we couldn't ask for more! will you try this expressive color?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ every year, a whopping 5,000 tons of virgin plastic will be saved thanks to our elvive renovation! small steps towards a better planet, big leaps for haircare. sleep your way to soft, juicy lips with the @revolutionskincare lip sleeping masks which work their magic whilst you sleep enriched with shea butter, hyaluronic acid vitamin e swipe to see how these ingredients help your lips!⁣ available in two tempting flavours refreshing berry and sweet vanilla cruelty-free and vegan mineral oil-free available now £6€7.99$9 4 shades, 4 sparkles our awaken your golden goddess lip jewels which color is your goddess color? lip jewel n°18 pink positive lip jewel n°36 summer lights lip jewel n°24 purple stars lip jewel n°30 showgirl wow! look at that flawless finish! watch @theplasticboy trying out our skin finish foundation stick and loving it! thank you for your amazing review my love available in all our retailers in stores and online we are so in love with sparkling details! our lip jewel n°18 pink positive creates a gorgegous finish on your lips! swipe left to see it applied. no one cares like elvive does! want to hear more about our pro-planet game plan? by the end of 2020, all elvive shampoo and conditioner bottles will use recycled and recyclable plastic. the biodegradability of elvive formulas will increase without reinventing them, through our latest generation co-emulsion technology. preservatives and perfume components, will be reduced from ingredient lists to offer more concentrated, waterless treatments. the holiday season has always been christian dior most magical celebration of all. he could not conceive of the art of giving without thinking of the special moment of sharing and generosity. roots looking greasy, hair needing a touch up? try fresh affair, our refreshing dry shampoo. this lightweight dry shampoo combines up to 24 hours of neroli fragrance with notes of sweet citrus and lemon. enriched with vitamin e and rice starch to absorb oil, fresh affair is perfect for all hair types. get this fresh affair holiday gift set, featuring a full and travel-size dry shampoo. available in u.s. salons, @sephora, and kerastase-usa.com repost @sephora who needs an so for cuffing season when the new @hudabeauty naughty nude palette has plenty of shades to fall for? the palette’s sultry matte and shimmer long-lasting eyeshadows blend seamlessly for the times you want to dress up…or dress down only at sephora. tune in to our beauty chat room ig live tomorrow at 8am pt as huda chats with us on how she feels empowered and confident with and without makeup. so happy you love it beautiful!! watch @maryamnyc trying our palette while sharing her amazing thoughts check out her youtube for a full review @pearlish uses becca first light primer, under eye brightening corrector zero glass highlighter to refresh and brighten skin. our new self-adhesive face gems are now available on elfcosmetics.com get your glam on in pearl, crystal and iridescent in a variety of sizes for your face, body or nails tap to shop for $3 our get your chic on holiday set is everything you need and more for a full-face look! the limited-edition set features four full-size products, including our new not yet launched california kissin’ colorbalm in pink quartz 520 available now exclusively at @ultabeauty for $50 a $108 value! includes: full-size face primer full-size mascara matte bronzer new california kissin’ colorbalm in pink quarts 500 reusable tin there’s nothing this brow gel can’t do. shape, define, and promote growth with strength length. now available globally. get the glow of your dreams with this combo pro-tip: apply new on the back of your hand, mix in sculpting blush in sensuous rose, and then swipe onto cheeks for a custom-creme blush! tap to shop them both now. leave it up to us to cure your beauty hangover. give your skin some extra love with our hydrating nourishing hangover wash the day away cleanser pillow cream! get yours @sephorafrance. first featured on chanel’s classic handbags, the gold chain interlaced with black leather inspired @luciapicaofficial to create an exclusive collection for the holidays, les chaînes d’or de chanel. the global creative makeup and colour designer for chanel dreamed up a colour palette filled with deep, warm, gold-infused shades and paints the portrait of a powerful, multi-dimensional woman. get the goods: exclusive creation les chaînes de chanel exclusive creation rouge allure 137 pourpre d’or exclusive creation ombre première 925 or antique le vernis 773 chaîne d’or @vittoria irresistible and sustainable did you know that our elvive full resist mask is already 97.5 biodegradable? our latest generation co-emulsion technology uses less silicon and increases the biodegradability of the formula without reinventing it to give you the best of both worlds! all bombshells need our matte lipstick and you can have them all for only $3 each! pictured shade: cherry bomb get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com loving this look today from @glambylili using our forever flawless allure palette! also used:⁣ @revolutionskincare 2 hyaluronic acid.⁣ conceal define infinite longwear concealer⁣ luxury baking powder.⁣ the mascara revolution.⁣ conceal define infinite mattifying longwear spray. a lil liner inspo @adr.santiago slays this using our epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' 'graphic purple' 'blue trip' from basic to complex we have it all! our new collection awaken your golden goddess is all you need for a perfect glam look during this season! get the look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow n°830 sparkle pudding eyeshadow n°840 sparkle copper rush amazing effect mascara limited edition blusher n°23 deep pink blush lip jewel n°24 purple stars crystal beauty dust image credits: @natascha.lindemann baby, it's hot inside our new, limited-edition ho ho holidays collection may look sugar, spice and everything nice, but unwrapping this pile of goodies brings the ho ho heat 3 more days till these 35 uncensored shades unleash your inner dragun the morphe x @nikitadragun launch dates: 11.5 morphe.com, morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only, 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty @dragunbeauty launching 11.5 on morphe.com morphe stores! a classic fall lip who else is obsessing over our new melted matte lipstick shade, poppin' corks? @soolmuaz “this is a public serv-ice announcement: vote!” @themarcjacobs you heard him. civic duty is the greatest beauty. obsessed is an understatement which shade from of our new epic wear liner sticks collection is calling your name? wow that's a talent!@rxthism who can do their lips with their eyes closed? we're here for the natural glow our new flawless brightening concealer creates a brightened, flawless complexion with a flick of a pen. how-to use: -use the sheer, lightweight concealer down the bridge of the nose, the brow bones, above the brow, on the tops of the cheeks, and a touch to the middle of the forehead to brighten the overall face and create a three-dimensional effect. -pro tip: pair with our camo concealers to brighten base makeup ingredients: infused with hyaluronic acid for an added boost of hydration and vitamin c to brighten dark spots and smooth skin shop now for $5 on elfcosmetics.com 'he's her lobster' friends series 2 airing 4th november 9am gmt4am est1am pst celebrate the holiday season with dior, and take part in this dreamy journey! @msbentivegas is bringing the stun to us spray your worries away with the fresh affair fine-fragrance dry shampoo! designed for all hair types, this lightweight dry shampoo combines glossy neroli flower with rice starch and vitamin e to keep your hair fresh healthy between washes. now available in canada the us, soon launching worldwide. stay tuned! @salwarajaa living for this mismatched moment @doralysbritto wears our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' for this inner corner pop of color dior’s advent calendar makes you rediscovering iconic products of the house until the d-day. make sure your voice is heard. @tayehansberry has a voting plan. what’s yours? check the status of your ballot, locate a ballot dropbox, or find a polling location near you. for more information, visit vote.org. these brows are always at the top of our wishlist @cristiiinaa wears cream-gel pomade! what dreams are made of which butter gloss shade has caught your attention? from left to right: tiramisu⁣, vanilla cream pie⁣, eclair⁣, angel food cake⁣, creme brûlée⁣, fortune cookie @bethanylarabeauty morphe roll call drop your fave palette below @chikisluvscruz cozy up to all the looks that our just dropped ho ho holidays collection has to offer, starting with this warm copper slay @laurengiraldo slays this soft glam using our micro brow pencil in 'auburn' butter gloss in 'creme brûlée' @misskimlips is winging it to glamourous heights inspired by @alexademie prismatic shine you can’t resist. the becca x @barbieferreira prismatica palette features five shades of prismatic shadows to light up any holiday look. feel the heat this christmas with our cinnamon bear makeup set! these cinnamon-scented eye shadows shimmering pink blush capture the sexy spirit of the christmas season! this set includes 8 eye shadows, melted matte lipstick in cinnamon bear, and a limited edition cinnamon bear makeup bag! time to start that whether you've been or these sultry shadows, glistening glitters plus a flurry of brushes are perfect for and is a total boss mood. @alaynalanebeauty2122 @makeupbymissevelyn swipes on our butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' for this everyday, glossy lippie our new flawless brightening concealer is going to be your new go-to for adding light coverage to no-makeup-makeup looks or adding a luminous glow to a full glam look plus, it's infused with hyaluronic acid and vitamin c for extra hydration shop now on elfcosmetics.com drop a in the comments below if you haven’t tried our yet! @shannonwarf glam, girl! @kachiavang keeps it classy using our in deep brown volumizing brow gel in shade 5! tutorial time: watch our tutorial to get a short introduction how to apply bronzer correctly. do you know it already? antique gold. the interweaving of golden chain links. tiny particles of light. a deep gold eyeshadow, for resplendent eyes. exclusive creation ombre première 925 or antique @luciapicaofficial imagine if you could be a part of the product design process on our foundations, do you prefer our doe foot applicator like conceal define or a pump like conceal hydrate or conceal glow?⁣ let us know in the comments below!⁣ november beauty sales start right now in our first november beauty sale week you will get a magic fix for free for every order in our online shop. all you have to do is to fill in the code magic. minimum order value is 35 fix every lipstick with our magic fix!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ so stunning!! @halimaalimakeup @beautybysabrinalod @jvongphoumy @agnieszkapietrys repost @halimaalimakeup meet my new love @hudabeauty faux filter skin finish buildable coverage foundation stick in the new shade biscotti which is my perfect match. this foundation is truly skin like @halimaalimakeup black and gold design. deep, resplendent gold eyes accentuated by a bold line. exclusive creation ombre première 925 or antique @luciapicaofficial @vittoria democracy is always in style. today is the last day to cast your vote in person and let your voice be heard. find a polling location near you by visiting vote.org. democracy is always in style. today is the last day to cast your vote in person and let your voice be heard. find a polling location near you by visiting vote.org. repost @cultbeauty @hudabeauty are turning up the temperature with their latest drop... feast your eyes upon the new naughty nude eyeshadow palette an exquisite array of highly-pigmented, warm-toned nudes, this mouth-watering edit stars huda's signature marbled pans alongside a never-seen-before and unique to every palette pressed gloss formula feeling the warmth? it's the final countdown to go e.l.f.ing vote! if you haven't voted yet, get to the polls today before they close to make your voice heard let's get glossy @meccamaxima pucker up! meet the new lip injection power plumping lip glosses. this unique formula works to make your lips appear fuller, plumper and smoother from the very first swipe. 3 shades of blush 3 shades of highlighter endless possibilities. have you tried our mega glo blushlighter combos yet? get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com it’s a beautiful day to cast your vote! it’s and polls are open! need help finding your polling place? text vote to 56005 @whenweallvote we love that @masha.the.artist made this look using makeup revolution eyeshadow palettes before we launched our series 1 of our friends collection! using our marvellous mattes velvet rose reloaded eyeshadow palettes for faceart and makeup repost @huda is officially out everywhere now!!!! hair by @hairbyanaak your wearable glamour look! are you ready to discover our new awaken your golden goddess collection with us?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°870 metall espresso⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewels n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ happy 25th anniversary to our incredible founders @jerrodblandino and jeremy johnson! check out the @people exclusive article. head over to @jerrodblandino link in bio drop a if this @nikitadragun is living your ultimate fantasy mua: @lipsticknick hair: @hairbyjay1 products used to create this look: artistry palette shades: nick nasty, mama dragun, nikita, sakura, estrogen, augmented, nicholas @dragunbeauty transformation face powder @dragunbeauty dragunwing eyeliner new in shade blackout @dragunbeauty dragunglass liquid lip in bad bitch @dragunbeauty launching 11.5 on morphe.com morphe stores the morphe x @nikitadragun launch dates: 11.5 morphe.com, morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only, 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty we’ll keep it simple today: put on your power brows and vote. know your voting rights check out our stories for a helpful guide! if you run into any problems at the polls, call the election protection hotline at 866-our-vote. @shannonwarf what's your lip routine? do you use all 3, 2, or 1? @makeupbyrabe deck the halls trim your tree with shocking volume, outrageous curl, and shamelessly thick lashes! it's our travel-size damn girl mascara wrapped up in a totally cute ornament! vote in style like @themarcjacobs, pearls and all. every vote counts, so let your voice be heard. find a polling location near you by visiting vote.org. the one where chandler takes a bath friends series 2 airing 4th november 9am gmt4am est1am pst it’s a sign… even the stars are telling you to make sure you vote today look bold while exercising your rights with our bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set available on our site for just a little while longer! between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org. falling for these gorgeous neutral eyeshadow palettes tap to shop eyeshadow in fierce safari and defiant nude! do you use setting powder or setting spray to finish your look? @shiradanitra just as you are, always. @jedfoundation @loveislouder sooo satisfying grab our new there's snowbody like you 12 piece brush set to create all types of winter wonder each set includes vegan face eye essentials plus a glittering brush holder to light up your vanity sooo satisfying grab our new there's snowbody like you 12 piece brush set to create all types of winter wonder each set includes vegan face eye essentials plus a glittering brush holder to light up your vanity queen of golden hour gorgeous brows @glamxxmoriah mastered a wispy, natural brow with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown brow microfilling pen! @kameronmonet shows off loud lips even louder voice slay your own way with our exclusive bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set a bright lippie duo plus cute co-branded bandana to wrap it all up tell us how you voted this year! between september 22, 2020 and november 3, 2020 bh cosmetics will contribute $10,000 to rock the vote. the purchase of the bh cosmetics x rock the vote lip set “licensed product” will not result in a contribution to rock the vote. rock the vote is a nonpartisan nonprofit dedicated to building the political power of young people. more information is available by visiting www.rockthevote.org. fall vibes from @vivalabiba wearing almost a full face of products! aiman's wearing: prime focus primer serum photofocus dewy foundation amber beige megaglo blushlighter flash me ultimate brow retractable dark brown mega last breakup-proof liquid eyeliner retractable eyeliner color icon eyeshadow 10 pan palette rosé in the air mega last matte lip color in bare it all get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com wow gorgeous @jackieaina is complexion goals wearing our born this way super coverage concealer! you’ve got options. the becca cosmetics mini barbie ferriera prismatica lip gloss set gives you 3 glosses in 1 kit for endless ways to add high-shine, non-stick colour to any look this holiday. at @sephora's vib holiday event. make us blush drop your favorite pick-up linescompliments in the comments below! one beauty box, 4 eye looks! which one is your absolutely favorite look? 1, 2, 3 or 4? amazing fact: our beauty boxes are individually fillable and refillable with your favorite artdeco eyeshadows! the one where revolution x friends series 2 has finally launched this time we bring you all new revolution x friends bath body collection plus 3d palettes for the most show-stopping looks!⁣ tap the link in bio to shop!⁣ palettes available £20$25€21.99:⁣ take a drive shadow palette⁣ he's her lobster shadow palette⁣ open the door shadow palette⁣ grab a cup face palette light to medium⁣ grab a cup face palette dark to deep coming soon⁣ bath body:⁣ revolution x friends espresso body scrub £15$20€17.99⁣ revolution x friends espresso body butter £8$12€8.99⁣ revolution x friends vanilla latte lip scrub £5$8€5.99⁣ revolution x friends caramel latte lip scrub £5$8€5.99⁣ revolution x friends bath fizzers £5$7€5.99⁣ defend your skin hello to our in brazil! introducing uv defender, our daily anti-aging sunscreens that combine the highest protection spf 60 and the anti-aging power of hyaluronic acid. reduces 7 years of sun aging spots in 3 months and prevents wrinkles. disclaimer: equivalent in age of the improvement of uv-induced dark spots contrast and density appearance. want to get coffee at central perk but care for your skin at the same time? you can find the best of both worlds in the coffee scented revolution x friends espresso body scrub body butter. perfect for buffing away dead skin cells and leaving the skin smooth.⁣ pssst: the packaging can be reused as a coffee cup: stylish, sustainable and made of recyclable material every woman is strong and powerful! show us your confident and glamorous goddess!which product is your favorite of this sparkling collection? swipe left to get more closer inspired by the lips and eyes! products used: eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow n°860 metal auburn eyeshadow n°531 matt brick eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca high precision liquid liner n°01 black amazing effect mascara limited edition blusher n°35 oriental red blush metallic lip jewels n°40 extravagant image credits: @natascha.lindemann oomph these shimmer shadows in just hit different comment below if you're embracing your naughty with these shades! @makeup.just.for.fun @hudabeautyshop @thebeautyradar when your complexion routine leaves a natural filtered finish and lasts up to 10 hours! stick foundation is our go-to! swipe through to see the amazing tutorials and before after looks by @swatchqueen1 @violeah @makeupbydossantos @hanstluce @quickbeautyadvices we are here for the revolution x friends 3d shadow palettes these palettes have everything you need for a smokey eye that takes less time than phoebe driving to the airport to a bold 90s look worthy of winning the gellar cup tag a friend and if they don't reply in 2 mins, they owe you a palette pretty in pink our lip replenishing balm will help moisturize your lips responds to your lips’ unique chemistry to reveal a shade that’s perfectly you. tap to shop! we can't get over @shanicemavo looks made with the revolution x friends palettes which one is your favourite? drop a if you have the fan-fave liner in your makeup kit @bvda. your mid-week dose of our born this way eye shadow palette. describe this palette using only emojis below! @beautyby.lita he's her lobster! the revolution x friends he’s her lobster 3d shadow palette is a gorgeous warm toned, 21 shade palette. bursting with rich browns, burnt oranges, corals, neutrals and golden shimmer shades, this palette has everything you need to create the ultimate “i can’t believe you did that!” eye look.⁣ tag your lobster to let them know just because you’re masking up doesn’t mean you have to turn your glow down. tap on a transfer-resistant pearlized glow to the high points of your face, including your cheek bones and your temples, using becca cosmetics ignite liquified light face body highlighter. availble now at @sephora @sephoracanada. we’re making brow asmr a thing now @smithadepak protects against uv aging did you know that 80 of skin aging is from daily uv rays? defend your skin with our new daily anti-aging sunscreens. uv defender protects your skin from the damaging effects of uva and uvb rays. if you live in brazil and would love to try this product, leave a flag below! disclaimer: clinical study christmas beauty moments today we slightly disclose you some surprises of our artdeco advent calendar. we are excited. swipe left to see a little bit more! our primer serum keep your face hydrated and your makeup flawless throughout the day, so carpe diem! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com lovin' the crew these are a few of our favorite things: chillin’ in chicago 16 color shadow palette truffle blush available online @ultabeauty sculpt and blend 10 piece brush set @ashleybrqst what is not to like? scrubs: good. body butter: good. fizzers: good. joey's voice our revolution x friends bath body collection is more than good!⁣ tap the link in bio to shop an infusion of gold. a plum-coloured lipstick with light-filled pigments and a dazzling, egyptian gold nail polish. get the goods: exclusive creation rouge allure 137 pourpre d’or le vernis 773 chaîne d’or @luciapicaofficial totally sleigh the lip game this christmas with our new lip injection extreme plump tasty trio set! it includes a travel-size trio of our lip injection extreme in original, pumpkin spice, and christmas cookie! available @theofficialselfridges had a very long, hard day? turn your home into a cosy cinema with this revolution x friends giveaway how to enter:⁣⁣⁣⁣ follow @makeuprevolution we'll be checking!⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a friend! 1 tag 1 entry⁣⁣⁣⁣ tcs:⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 11pm gmt on sunday 8th november 2020. one winner will be chosen at random by the revolution team. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message by 5pm gmt on friday 13th november 2020. the winner will receive the revolution x friends collection and an at home cinema package worth £500. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram.⁣⁣ good luck!⁣ our newholy hydration makeup melting cleansing balm is now available for all of our double-cleanse lovers why we love it: 2-in-1 makeup remover and face cleanser that melts away makeup formulated with hyaluronic acid, ceramides and peptides how to use: scoop out a dime-sized amount of product and massage onto dry skin. moisten fingertips and continue to massage into the skin using circular motions to melt away makeup. rinse with water or remove with a warm damp cleansing cloth. tap to shop for $10 holiday szn is coming treat yourself to something icy with our new diamonds ice, please collection which shiny new product has you blinded? shop the collection online at nyxcosmetics.com stay youthful! brazil has one of the highest uv index rates of the world, therefore it's important to wear sunscreen every day. our uv defender protects your skin from uv rays, reduces 7 years of sun aging spots in 3 months and prevents wrinkles. set the clock back one application at a time! disclaimer: equivalent in age of the improvement of uv-induced dark spots contrast and density appearance. @beatsbylizzie has us like in this sweet-as-can-be retro truffle blush look available online at @ultabeauty go for a bold makeup look with the holiday 2020 collection. get the goods: exclusive creation les chaînes de chanel exclusive creation rouge allure 137 pourpre d’or exclusive creation ombre première 925 or antique @luciapicaofficial @vittoria diamonds are a baddie's best friend our new diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette has us hypnotized this 16-pan palette has all the shimmers, glitters and mattes to slay your most extra, holiday glam shop the collection online at nyxcosmetics.com rosy, golden light with the exclusive creation les chaînes de chanel. an intense, golden pink illuminating powder, stamped with the iconic golden chain links. @luciapicaofficial dreaming of a pink christmas when you want to add a little extra something. pair our faux mink lashes in social butterfly with our new pearl face and body gems for a fun eye look! tap to shop the reviews are in! @sephora customers are loving our becca cosmetics mini barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit, just check out all the rave reviews on sephora.com. get three shades of our mini pressed highlighter, including our best-selling shade, champagne pop, for the biggest value of the year. the lightweight, waterproof, oil-free, matte foundation that stays put for 24 hours! our born this way matte foundation formula stays completely true to color while covering imperfections. available @sephora. meet the iciest new members of our lippie lineup our ultra saturated lipstick just got a holiday bling-over! shop the diamonds ice please, lipstick collection for a limited time at nyxcosmetics.com get golden hour every hour with our illuminating in ireland highlighter palette now 25 off on our site!! @genaaaai big brow energy @ivettearaiza defines her using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! for her flawless base, she uses our hello happy air stick foundation in shades 4 5! it's time to shine and to sparkle. thanks to our crystal beauty dust n°8 precious gold for a delicate shimmer on your décolleté. we love it! what do you think? image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high-tech daily sunscreen! with dry touch and matte effect, uv defender guarantees 12h oil control and helps to prevent from fine lines, wrinkles and dark spots. all over brazil, you can find your sunscreen without color or in 3 unique shades from light, medium to dark. what's your pro tip when using this product? they don’t know, that we know, you will love it... all we know is these palettes are extremely blendable, long lasting and highly pigmented, with an easy to work with shade selection tell a friend that didn't know!⁣ palettes £20$25€21.99:⁣ take a drive shadow palette⁣ he's her lobster shadow palette⁣ open the door shadow palette⁣ four is better than one! different from the rest...uv defender is our revolutionary sunscreen with anti-aging properties, which is available in 3 shades: light, medium and dark, as well as without color developed for our brazilian consumers. we're feeling completely full of beans with all our bronzing and highlighting needs met in one extra hot palette! sophie from @teamrevolutionbeauty is showing how big in fact the revolution x friends grab a coffee face palette is! luxury, finely milled and super blendable, this palette has everything you need to sculpt and highlight your complexion for a wide awake look.⁣ available in two colour ways:⁣ revolution x friends grab a cup face palette light to medium⁣ revolution x friends grab a cup face palette dark to deep coming soon⁣ tutorial time: did you already know how to apply your eyeshadow correctly? share your knowledge with your bestie and tag him or her in the comments. look what the floating heads did! bursting with rich browns, vibrant pinks, corals, neutrals and golden shimmer shades, the revolution x friends open the door 3d shadow palette has everything you need to create an eye look worthy of winning the gellar cup. shop now in bio the rouge dior couture collection set draws its inspiration from magical winter wonderlands this holiday season. discover must-have lipsticks engraved with delicate snowflakes that give the golden nights collection a touch of glamour and intensity for your most beautiful smile yet! rouge dior couture collection coffret 999 satin, 999 matte, 988 rialto, 481 hypnotic matte, 458 paris, 772 classic matte soft, smooth, and ultra-nourishing. packed with the power of moringa, is the key to radiant skin tap to shop! mask life means your brows take center stage make a lasting impression with a 24-hour longwear brow pen that gives you the look of real brow hairs in an effortless stroke! bold gold. a radiant complexion, highlighted by resplendent eyes and intense lips with the holiday 2020 collection. get the goods: exclusive creation les chaînes de chanel exclusive creation rouge 137 pourpre d’or exclusive creation ombre première 925 or antique @luciapicaofficial @vittoria could the revolution x friends open the door palette be anymore pigmented? leave a if you agree! glow getter! @janellemyh shows off her gorgeous glam wearing our born this way eye shadow palette. we're thrilled to announce that becca cosmetics is now available at look fantastic. all of our uk fans can now shop their becca favorites anytime, day or night, online at @lookfantastic. @anknook wears our wow brow gel in deep brown for the ultimate, voluminous brows that stay all day long tap to shop for $4 this is the exact look we would create if we were to hop in the relaxi taxi the revolution x friends take a drive 3d shadow palette is a gorgeous smokey eye colour palette featuring 21 shades.⁣ we wish @nailasworld a good ride! 4 lip jewels 4 individual goddessess. do you want to see our 4 lip jewels closer? swipe left to see our sprakling products! which lip jewel color would you choose? image credits: @natascha.lindemann with a little guidance from our brow experts, your brows can be whatever you want them to be! head to the link in our bio to sign up for a free brow consultation with one of our national brow artists! @jrobertbailey woke up flawless @theenasyanicole is bringing the glam with bold take me back to brazil pigments go get yours for 25 off during our sale!! shine bright, baby! swipe on our new diamonds ice please highlighting palette for an extra hit of glow! featuring four diamond-shaped highlighting pans, this high-saturation highlighting palette is perfect for the holidays! available exclusively at @walmart make your lipstick kiss-proof! the magic fix coats your lips like an invisible protector and seals your lipstick in place.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty sales in november! with the code magic you will get a magic fix for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ who says pink lipstick can't be tough? show everyone what you're made of in our high shine lip color here in pinky ring get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com look at the size of this lobster palette @vmeers must be our lobster because this look is giving us the warm fuzzy feeling!⁣ get creative with the revolution x friends he’s her lobster 3d shadow palette by recreating your favourite 90s makeup looks.⁣ tag a friend that is obsessed with the 90s! on this year’s christmas list our macaron-scented sugar plum fun makeup set is perfect for creating limitless looks that will have you looking sweet sexy all year long! available @ultabeauty a strong graphic contrast. an exclusive, limited-edition collection for the holidays. an illuminating powder, a sparkling eyeshadow and a plum-coloured lipstick, all infused with gold for a bold makeup look. get the goods: exclusive creation les chaînes de chanel exclusive creation rouge 137 pourpre d’or exclusive creation ombre première 925 or antique @luciapicaofficial prevention is worth it! enriched with spf 60 and hyaluronic acid, uv defender reduces 7 years of sun aging spots in 3 months and prevents wrinkles. daily protection for all! find your uv defender that fits your skin tone. which one of your friends would this product? disclaimer: equivalent in age of the improvement of uv-induced dark spots contrast and density appearance. the @nikitadragun collection is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only @dragunbeauty is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! more launch dates: 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty drop a if you're going to unleash the dragun from the collection! mua: @lipsticknick hair: @hairbyjay1 the @nikitadragun collection is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores, @sephoracanada 12.10 in stores, @ultabeauty, @prettylittlething, @themakeupspotnl, @officialbrownthomas brush set only @dragunbeauty is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! more launch dates: 11.6 @douglascosmetics 11.10 @meccamaxima online only 11.12 @cultbeauty, @bootsuk, @feelunique, @cloud10beauty the collection is a total game-changer ft. @larray @miahayward mua: @lipsticknick hair: @hairbyjay1 the @nikitadragun collection @dragunbeauty is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! sheer, nourishing lip balms make the sweetest gifts our candy kiss lip balm duo includes sheer, tinted lip kiss balm in bare kiss and xo red for $5 available in stores and online @targetstyle drippin' in ice meet our 1st ultra blingy lip topper! our diamonds ice, please lip toppers are packed with micro-pearls, to catch the light at every angle wear alone as a gloss, or layer on top of your fave lipstick available online at nyxcosmetics.com swatches that are up to snow good show off your mischevious side with the pigment-rich neutrals opulent jewel tones in our new naughty shadow palette a selection of the gorg shades pictured here @allthingsmakeup99 the @sephora vib sale is here! what products are in your shopping cart?! through 119, score: 20 off for rouge members 15 off for vib members 10 off for bi members @gabrielle.shoots @dragunbeauty is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! which @dragunbeauty must-have are you grabbing today. let us know dragunglass liquid lip avail. in shades dragun blood, nikita, and bad bitch transformation face powder dragunwing eyeliner new in shade blackout boost your glow with the holiday 2020 collection. get the look worn by @vittoria and designed by @luciapicaofficial for the holidays. get the goods: exclusive creation les chaînes de chanel exclusive creation rouge 137 pourpre d’or exclusive creation ombre première 925 or antique glitter or matte? bummed today isn't friday? pout it out with our lip treatment and sleeping lip mask get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @iamwileonardallen stays shining all day with the becca zero collection. will perfects his skin without hiding his freckles using becca zero no pigment virtual foundation and adds a glass-like glow with becca zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip. your secret is safe with mr. cover up apply and blend concealers for the easiest, most undetectable airbrushed finish possible! he's made with cruelty-free teddy bear hair, too! why wait for your gifts when you can have one every day of the holidays? from gloss to mascara, collect our pro-grade products throughout the month and add them to your routine let the color countdown to iced-out beauty begin with our advent calendar 24 day holiday countdown available online at nyxcosmetics.com 10 nail colors for $10... say no more our goodie gumdrops nail set includes 10 mini nail polishes in everyday neutrals and holiday glam shades available @targetstyle online and in stores tap to shop! @kachiavang hits the sweet spot in a flush of truffle blush available online @ultabeauty when you can’t get to the nail salon the beauty talent for every occasion has a name. swipe left to see the glamorous limited edition design of our amazing effect mascara! image credits: @natascha.lindemann something big is happening… get ready to discover our next superstar serum. can you guess what top powerful ingredient it is formulated with? here’s a hint: dermatologists love it and recommend you use it pure. the one where the friends sofa was seen in superdrug drink your morning coffee without leaving the lip color on your cup! how? apply our magic fix on top of your lipstick! also kissproof! beauty sales in november! with the code magic you will get a magic fix for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 image credits: @jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this holiday season, immerse yourself in the dior atelier of dreams. all of dior's iconic products are yours to rediscover, even more beautiful with the magic of dior stars. it's all the bubbles for us the revolution x friends bath body collection is here to make you relax and unwind the way only chandler bing can!⁣ bath body collection:⁣ revolution x friends espresso body scrub £15$20€17.99⁣ revolution x friends espresso body butter £8$12€8.99⁣ revolution x friends vanilla latte lip scrub £5$8€5.99⁣ revolution x friends caramel latte lip scrub £5$8€5.99⁣ revolution x friends bath fizzers £5$7€5.99⁣ are you noticing more hair-fall during the winter? don’t worry, this can be due to seasonal change and you’re not alone. one of the reasons behind the seasonal fall is environmental changes. during winter, the cold and dry air can draw out moisture from your scalp and lengths and leave your fiber more prone to suffer with fall from breakage. but is here all year long to help you combat hair-fall! the very first step to win this battle is by bathing your hair with an adapted hydrating shampoo. bain hydra-fortifiant is specially designed for fine hair or oily hair with dry lengths. this anti hair-fall shampoo is enriched with a potent combination of edelweiss native cells and ginger root. its formula strengthens the fiber for intense resilience to reduce the risk of hair-fall due to breakage. find your routine by doing an online hair diagnosis at www.kerastase.com the first thing i do is make my lips look irresistible if you want your lips to attract your crush like rachel wants to get her assistant's attention, then the revolution x friends caramel latte lip mask is right for you. this ultra hydrating lip mask can work its magic both during the day or overnight as a nourishing lip balm.⁣ tip: start with the revolution x friends lip scrub before applying all over the lips.⁣ get your morning routine on lock: smooth and flawless skin is a swipe away with our foundation, and sculpting blush tap to shop your favorite like a moth to a flame how to use: scoop out a pea sized amount of the revolution x friends lip scrub, buff onto damp lips in circular motions and gently wash off. apply the revolution x friends lip mask next and enjoy soft, hydrated lips. @nailasworld make an entrance at every holiday party with pure colour. check out becca cosmetics ultimate lipstick love in these on-trend shades for moisturizing, long-wearing colour that lasts from cocktails to mistletoe. shades shown: mauve cool dusty rose blaze cool pinky coral melon neutral yellow pink burgundy neutral spiced rose shop all shades of ultimate lipstick love at @sephora. our new holy hydration daily cleanser is a gel-based, foaming cleanser that helps wash away excess oil, impurities and makeup. infused with hyaluronic acid and ceramides, leaving your skin feeling moisturized and clean. use with our new holy hydration makeup melting cleansing balm for the ultimate double cleanse routine tap to shop for $6 bow, then go! our holiday sets come ready to gift and to get in this festive, reusable tin! from left to right: beauty thrills life is a pretty party party curl talk beauty to me tap on the product tags to shop now directly in the instagram app and get free shipping! we are bubbling with excitement for you to try the lobster fizzer from the revolution x friends collection! give us a in comments if you want to unwind with this bath bomb!⁣ this best-ever stocking stuffer doubles as a tofrom gift tag! give the gift of instantly sexy lips that last from mistletoe to midnight and beyond with our new lip injection extreme ornament! available @macys. these 35 game-changing neutrals, boldest of bolds, sultry shimmers, and take-charge glitters is everything you need to take your look to the next level and then some! which shade is your fave? revealing our new star serum some of you have guessed it right! our next superstar serum is formulated with pure retinol. known to be more effective than other retinol derivatives! stay tuned much more info coming up! from the face of our to her very own @nikitadragun mua: @lipsticknick wow we always dreamed of these sparkling lips. our lipsticks from our collection create absolutely glam lips. which color do you like most? tell us more in the comments! lipsticks shown: lip jewel n°24 purple stars lip jewel n°36 summer lights lip jewel n°30 showgirl lip jewel n°18 pink positive our mega glo blushlighter is for more than just your cheeks ask @marielabagnato! she's using hotline bling for her eyes, lips, and cheekbones get it @walamart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @shamelesslydia completes this monochromatic moment with our epic ink liner get launched into orbit with our sunny solar flare palette these 18 baked shadows are now under $16 on our site @makeupbyadrna big news: is now a mini $8! drop a if you're getting our new mascara that's big on volume, so you can take it anywhere. now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! should we have some coffee? the packaging from revolution x friends espresso body scrub keeps working long after your scrub, as it is a reusable coffee cup! with a pale pink design and central perk logo, it’ll be sure to make you feel like you’ve visited the real deal our og epic ink liner is ready for the holidays! snag our exclusive diamonds ice, please epic ink liner for a limited time available online at nyxcosmetics.com @safai305 always bringing the looks! she wears our born this way eye shadow palette for some next level glam! @strashme is giving us vibes fill in the blank giveaway closed! congrats @tatertot00, @bettyrosebraids, @vcm.xa, @soglam.t @natisha09! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win the morphe x @nikitadragun collection pr box! what you'll win: artistry palette brush set @dragunbeauty dragunglass liquid lip avail. in shades dragun blood, nikita, and bad bitch @dragunbeauty transformation face powder @dragunbeauty dragunwing eyeliner new in shade blackout how to enter:⁣ follow @morphebrushes @nikitadragun @dragunbeauty like this post⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry bonus: drop a on @dragunbeauty's giveaway post for an extra entry! good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends on 11720 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 11820. living for this pink fantasy by @bribri.tx she wears our can't stop won't stop foundation epic ink liner in 'brown' ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' butter gloss in 'praline' makeup setting spray matte to get the look us: don't say it. don't say it... also us: goof proof brow pencil is 100 that btch @lizzobeeating this look is everything we needed today @makeupemalii wears our 16hr camo concealer in light beige for a long-wearing, full coverage base tap to shop for $6 there's no sight more calming than a coastline. is there one at the top of your travel wish list? @bingincliffhouse @amybubbles issa whole mood everything you need to create the baddest holiday looks is here! this holiday, we're serving the shades and sweet scent! you crave most these buttery soft, silky smooth, and decadent fan-favorite shades add the perfect pop of shine to your icy holiday glam shop our diamonds ice, please butter gloss lip trio online at nyxcosmetics.com be a fire queen or ice queen @jaydeensarah shine all season long with our new let it glow 4 color highlighter palette shimmering, universally-flattering shades ranging from pearlescent white to copper @libby.o completes this sparkly pink moment with a swipe of our butter gloss in 'eclair' stocking stunners under $25 treat yourself bright these mini holiday kits from morphe and other iconic brands: @sweetchefskincare, @lanolips, @danessamyricks, @dragunbeauty, @iconic.london bring out your spicy side this weekend with our @mariale amor caliente eye shadow palette! which looks have you been creating with these bold shades? i spy an haul are any of these products your holy grails? products featured: bite-size eyeshadows in pumpkin pie, rose water and cream sugar bite-size face duo in watermelon ride or die lip balm in grapefruit goals sheer slick lipstick in golden pear primer-infused blush in always peachy tap to shop! @tayloredbeautyedit our butter gloss in 'red velvet' has us lickin' our lips snag this delicious lippie in our limited edition diamonds ice, please butter gloss lip trio set go hard for the holidays with the baddest gift around: our badgal to the bone value set! includes 3 bene-faves for just $30 a $68 value! head to ig stories for a festive tutorial featuring this limited-edition set! soaking in this glam moment @mehreemakeup defines her brows with volumizing brow gel! our artdeco magic fix is the perfect companion for every lipstick. beauty sales in november! with the code magic you will get a magic fix for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 meet the new derm intensives pure retinol night serum from this superstar serum with 0.3 pure retinol offers both performance and experience, expertly reducing wrinkles even deep ones and smoothing skin texture for younger looking skin. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. swipe left to see the eye and lip makeup closer to get even more inspired! when will you create this glam look? get the look: eyeshadow jewels n°830 sparkle plum pudding eyeshadow jewels n°840 sparkle copper rush eyeshadow jewels n°870 metall espresso blush couture lip jewel n°24 purple stars stand up, dare to defy fear and never be afraid of falling with the first dual anti-fall hair care. starring our muse @emrata filmmaker @louisdecaunes genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the usa visit kérastase-usa.com for more information get to know pure retinol when it comes to good skin the answer is always retinol. as the gold standard ingredient for anti-aging, this star active is a favorite amongst dermatologists. otherwise known as vitamin a, it helps accelerate skin renewal and reduce even deep wrinkles. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. promotion win these beautiful products of our awaken your golden goddess collection and of our cooperation partner @rosentalorganics!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ conditions of participation:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 1. like this post⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2. follow us @rosentalorganics⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3. tag 2 friends in the comments⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this raffle runs till november 11, 2020, 11:59 pm and is not connected with instagram. the winner will be informed via message afterwards. only people with residence in europe can participate.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this is a wrap of our revolution x friends takeover hope you enjoyed the luxury palettes full of character and the bath body additions!⁣ tag us or use so we can see how much fun you're having! a sip of water for your skin treat your skin to hydration up to 72 hours with moisturizer. this lightweight, breathable creme gives your skin a youthful, radiant glow. tap to show now! the easiest way to give good do good this holiday season? packaging. our planet-friendly holiday gifts make it easy like so to reduce our impact on the planet. oh, and the adorable design by @boombachs lets you skip the wrapping paper, too. chanel believes in expression through colour. since 2018, chanel beauty has been working on a project which explores the interpretation of different shades of colour. this interview series captures the unique personalities and perspectives of friends of the house. we are pleased to share with you this third episode starring the charming @lilystewart quick! if you could only choose one, which product would you choose? comment below! lip gloss? poppin our lip plumping gloss in shade champagne glam is a high-shine gloss that provides a soothing sensation while it volumizes and is enriched with vitamin e and coconut oil to nourish and hydrate the lips tap to shop for $6 @tiarramonet uses the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica palette for a face and eye look and finishes with prismatica gloss. step 1: pack hued all over the lid with an eyeshadow brush step 2: apply glimmer into the crease and blend step 3: tap hued onto center of the lid with fingertips step 4: smoke lower lash line with glimmer step 5: apply prismify to inner corner to awaken eyes step 6: swirl hued onto cheekbones for a rosy flush step 7: highlight with prismify step 8: create an ombre lip with ultimate lipstick love in tangy and petal step 9: complete the look with shade foiled from the tackle those deep wrinkles! our new pure retinol night serum is so effective that in a clinical study, 100 of women showed a reduction of wrinkles even deep ones. the independent clinical study showed a significant improvement in participants with deep wrinkles as early as 2 weeks! their skin looked younger, fresher, and smoother after a month. 4 months later? every single person had a reduction in wrinkles and deep wrinkles. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. what we wish every saturday brunch looked like describe this @lipsticknick artistry on @nikitadragun in emojis only your at home beauty hero is back in stock! set your brows in place and get the laminated brow look whether you are going out or just for all those video calls with the revolution soap styler tap the link in our bio to grab yours now! hypnotized by this smoked out by @ivandebiase here's the breakdown: epic ink liner can't stop won't stop contour concealer control freak eyebrow gel precision brow pencil it's time to wear some glitter and sparkle. swipe through this sparkling glam look and comment with if you love this stunning look as well. products used: lip jewel n°24 purple stars eyeshadow n°810 sparkle shooting star eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding has a nice ring to it 100 years ago, women won the right to vote. today, kamala harris makes history. there is no limit to what women can do stars in our eyes for @spyonmyeye’s eyeconic look with our og take me back to brazil palette brows, on brows, on brows which brow product is a part of your lineup? gotta try 'em all! our matte and high-shine lip colors come in 26 total shades and are only $3. get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we can't get over this look eyeshadow palette: @makeuprevolution x @makeupbytammi tropical twilight palette a full brow moment @julespms uses our micro brow pencil to slay perfectly groomed arches true colours to the question: “what colour are your eyes?” lily stewart answers: “green hazel, but mostly green.” watch the entire true colours interview where @lilystewart explains how she sees the world through colours from nail varnish to dreams. what does @suvabeauty's remind you of? @cristiana.ioana. knows the to perfect brows! she goes for: volumizing brow gel how to get ready for the holidays: use shades angel latte from the palette add dew bomb face gloss stick to get that holiday glow top off your lips w mousse in berry good to complete this look the palette can have your holiday glam slay all day! diamonds are a baddie's best friend shop our limited edition diamonds ice, please collection online at nyxcosmetics.com hydrated lips are waiting for you our give me some sugar lip balm set includes three of our ultra-nourishing ride or die lip balms in tough cookie, cheeky cherry and mighty mint for only $10 tap to shop or shop online and in-stores @targetstyle giveaway closed congrats @e.landuit, @twinkies25, @florencembeasley, @leanicole, @emma.masterson! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win a $150 gift code to shop more till you drop on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 11820 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 11920. bh beauties which brush set can you not live without?! share in the comments below @spinthickvick what would you name this look? @nyane do you curl before or after you apply mascara? take our new mini version of anywhere for big volume! brb, grabbing our sunglasses for this blinding af swatch of our diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'that's fire' just like a fall sunset @olgadann is on point in a precise stroke of our bh liquid eyeliner model behavior @daniellealcaraz goes for our face primer for her base hoola matte bronzer to add some warmth to her makeup look! tutorial time: all you need to know about correct lip contouring in only 10 seconds! comment below if you would like to see more tutorials. hoola hive, where you at?! maintain a natural-looking tan all year round with 4 shades of our iconic matte bronzer this holiday season, @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, portrays a fantastic fairytale that mixes tradition with a chic rock n' roll spirit for the golden nights collection. dior forever 1n rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson forever cushion powder 001 golden night 5 couleurs golden nights 549 golden snow diorshow 24h stylo 640 satiny gold diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler 001 uiversal brown diorific lipstick 072 shimmery red diorific vernis 767 red wonders effective until the last drop pure retinol may be one of the most powerful anti-aging ingredients available, but did you know that it can also be fragile and unstable? we have developed the pioneering and patent-pending retinol guard technology to deliver pure retinol from the first drop to the last. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. wear a new color every day with our lip jewels! do you want to see which lipstick is applied here? swipe left! product used: lip jewel n°30 showgirl image credits: @natascha.lindemann true colours to the question: “what colour do you think of when you think of paris?” lily stewart answers: “a white-yellow creamy colour.” watch the entire true colours interview where @lilystewart explains how she sees the world through colours from nail varnish to dreams. are you suffering with more hair-fall now that the season has changed? we got you covered! is the first dual anti hair-fall routine that fight fall from the roots and fall from breakage and can be adapted to every hair type! the first step of the genesis routine is to bath your hair with an adapted shampoo. bain nutri-fortifiant is recommended for thick dry hair and its rich formula removes dirt and excess of oil while providing intense nourishment. its gentle cleansing action soothes and hydrates hair from root to tip, leaving a lightweight feel. find your routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the usa visit kérastase-usa.com for more information too many retinol options? look for the one that’s pure after all, it’s what dermatologists recommend pure retinol. after 20 years of research, the l’oréal paris laboratories have developed the new night serum, with an optimal concentration of pure retinol to fight wrinkles, even deep ones. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. wow!! gorgeous ladies serving some eye glam inspo which is your fav? 1,2,3 or 4? @lolomua @lottixbeauty @petrav.mua @selmaalidini @muabea thinks the inside of our precious glamour palettes is just as sparkly and beautiful as the outside swipe for swatches watch @mikaylajmakeup’s review and why it’s her fav palette. love her and that stunning glam too! thank you sooo much beautiful! check out her tutorial on tiktok my loves! discover fragrant floral scents for the with this luxurious advent calendar from @aerin. the perfect present to or to keep and perfect to count down the days of the season! warning! mega last lip color may result in staring at yourself in the mirror and thinking, damn, i look good get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com dark under eye circles often have blue undertones, which is why under eye brightening corrector is formulated with peach- and apricot-toned colour-correcting pigments to neutralize, while light reflecting illuminators instantly brighten in one step. don't miss your chance to save on under eye brightening corrector during the final day of the @sephora vib sale. @megmbrownmua there are so many ways to sleigh your glam this christmas with our enchanted beauty foxy neutrals set! play with sparkle pops of color or choose from the range of seductive neutrals. available @sephora. 'our team cannot thank you enough for the amazing generosity and support. we're really looking forward to helping our clients look and feel great ready to regain employment during these really difficult times.' patricia white from @suitedforsuccessuk⁣ @teamrevolutionbeauty donated a total of 45 boxes to different charities of brand new makeup across all our brands. half of these boxes have gone to a charity called suited for success @suitedforsuccessuk who help people in need to get employment by supplying suitsinterview attire, as well as make up. in today's climate, it can be so challenging to find employment.⁣ this charity helps out many single parents who will love playing with make up with their kids so they have received i heart products and teddy bear bath fizzers.⁣ a lot of these will be put into goody bags for christmas parcels by the amazing team at suited for success. you don't understand... we're obsessed @makeupbyevva wears our liquid glitter eyeshadow in dirty martini as eyeliner in this gorgeous golden look tap to shop liquid glitter eyeshadows for $5 how satisfying is this video to watch? i can’t stop watching it! repost @molchanovamua our new there’s snowbody like you 12 piece brush set brush holder is giving us those festive feels who's ready for winter break already? welcome to the derm intensives family, pure retinol night serum! you all loved the hyaluronic acid serum to hydrate and plump skin and the glycolic acid serum to reduce dark spots. the derm intensives family is delighted to welcome our brand new superstar serum to fight deep wrinkles: the pure retinol night serum. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. who loves @dragunbeauty's transformation face powder? with one swipe of this iconic brightening powder, this babe instantly brightens, blurs, and lifts your under eyes the only way we’re doing our concealer from now on @gwmakeup @paolakings slays this gorgeous graphic liner using our epic wear liner sticks in 'pure white' 'pink spirit' stocking stunners treat yourself bright with minis and goodies from these iconic brands at morphe: @iconic.london available online 1112 @grandecosmetics @invisibobble available online 1110 @nablacosmetics available online 1112 glamorous beauty in all she is! find your personal signature look with our awaken your golden goddess collection. our blush couture limited edition convinces with two nuances that can be perfectly distinguished. image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ for this enchanting holiday look, @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, created the 5 couleurs couture golden nights palette with a poetic snowflake pattern. featuring elegant crystalline designs, color harmonies in shades of black and gold help you achieve a multitude of looks, from the most daring to the most classic. 5 couleurs golden nights 549 golden snow 5 couleurs golden nights 089 black night ok, we're drooling @imanechawkii is a sweet stunna in chocolate orange truffle blush you can only pick one: epic ink liner epic wear liner sticks epic wear liquid liner for a limited time, the @jamescharles mini palette is back in stock on morphe.com! @inesrsz shout out to our babe @swetlanapetuhova for her flawless complexion! she used our born this way matte foundation shade honey. there is no place like home look what is coming soon⁣ what do you think? tell us below! drop your favorite shade below mesmerized by this stacked winged liner by @undomymakeup she uses our epic ink liner epic wear liquid liner in 'white' to complete the look putty blushes looking these cream-to-powder blushes have a semi-matte finish and are lightweight and buildable for a flushed-from-within glow shades left to right: turks and caicos bahamas tahiti tap to shop for $6 @itsglambeautyxo a magical brow deal! our magnificent brow show set includes 5 full-size brow products for $49 a $120 value! full-size volumizing brow gel full-size full-size full-size cream-gel full-size available in shades 2, 3, 4 5 at @ultabeauty @hsn @qvc @nordstrom @macys @bloomingdales @urbanoutfitters @asos @birchbox @beautylish benefitcosmetics.com! oh helloooo our limited edition diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette have our jaws on the floor achieve intense color payoff in just 1-swipe for blendable and customizable looks available online at nyxcosmetics.com @makeupbybrookehill killing this look on @madisonbeerfor tonight's @mtv show. brooke used>> channel surfing palette: “jericho” and “zero” in crease stained glass” on the lid and to highlight the corner of eye “zero” for madison's liner using the angled eyeliner brush highlighter in “fairy tears” with “stained glass” from channel surfing palett channel surfing lipgloss in “jupiter” luminous setting spray to set in “seal the deal” hair by @hairbyiggy styled by @krisfe good girls do it better show off your sweet side in our nice 16 color shadow palette, full of fresh berry tones pigmented neutrals @bakeandglow prep for the coming week with a grapefruit mint lip treatment! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @ericaswn wears our born to glow radiant concealer as a base for this pretty, pink glam benebabes think pink @tredayy frames her sultry smokey eye with brow microfilling pen precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown! your instant skin perfector. reduce shine blur imperfections with our reinvented primed poreless primer powder! available @shoppersbeauty. a close-up of our new diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'diamond delirious' available online at nyxcosmetics.com create a brightened, flawless complexion with a flick of a pen our new flawless brightening concealer has a luxurious, lightweight formula to brighten and highlight your key features. how-to use: -use the sheer, lightweight concealer down the bridge of the nose, the brow bones, above the brow, on the tops of the cheeks, and a touch to the middle of the forehead to brighten the overall face and create a three-dimensional effect. -pro tip: pair with our camo concealers to brighten base makeup tap to shop for $5 say hello to these 7 custom, synthetic brushes they are the ultimate shapeshifters to create any fantasy from the collection. rub a dub dub how are you spending self-care sunday?! @cecilehoodie we are so glad to show you this sparkling go-to look! it doesn't need to require a fancy occassion to wear our eyeshadow jewels. are you ready to apply some glamorous nuances on your eyes? swipe left to see more! products used: eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow n°840 sparkle copper rush eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding image credits: @natascha.lindemann start your pure retinol night routine! the derm intensives pure retinol night serum is very concentrated so it is important to give your skin some time to adjust. start by applying it a couple nights a week, then every other night. after a few weeks, you should be able to use it every night. just remember to protect your skin in the morning with an spf moisturizer. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. new launch! colour without the commitment with the new range of revolution haircare brunette tones hair dyes blonde tones hair dyes! ideal for adding that pop of colour for 2-15 washes! 16 colours to choose from vegan⁣ cruelty-free our golden goddess @buonalima creates her glamorous and sparkling look. what do you think about it? recreate her look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper crush amazing effect mascara blush couture lip jewel n°36 summer lights crystal beauty dust feel like mixing up your hair colour? meet our new blonde tones ideal for adding a hint of colour for 2-15 washes, these tones transform your colour and condition hair in one easy step, leaving you with vibrant and glossy locks available in 10 colours swipe to see them all!⁣ lavender fields⁣ rose all day⁣ sunset pink⁣ sweet peach⁣ cherry red⁣ aqua waves⁣ deep ocean⁣ midnight ice⁣ silver haze⁣ lime zest⁣ no bleach needed, these tones are formulated to go over blonde hair. thank you so much for your amazing reviews beauties! guys make sure to check out the full article @glamouruk x @chelshughes92 @bandimanzini @sophiecockettx @adelelindsay @elleturneruk mix and match magical shades of black and gold with dazzling, frosted effects for an intense makeup look that celebrates a sparkling, sophisticated femininity. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, on model @ruthnotmay. dior forever 1n rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson forever cushion powder 001 golden night 5 couleurs golden nights 549 golden snow 5 couleurs golden nights 089 black night diorshow 24h stylo 640 satiny gold diorshow 24h stylo 040 sparkling black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorific lipstick 072 shimmery red diorific lipstick 070 dazzling beige diorific vernis 767 red wonders diorific vernis 997 dark nights tutorial time: it's time for a new tutorial. do you already know how to choose the correct foundation shade? watch our tutorial for some insights! which is your fav? new nude or naughty nude amazing captures by @hosanna1992 @hudabeautyshop @4msdang @makeupby.faz @idaliadelcarmen @beautyblogshan tap into a perfect glow with @tiffanynicholsdesign and our megaglo blushlighter get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com give her the of a new regimen with the firm glow skincare collection! tap to shop this gorgeous gift set with the gift box illustrated by @izakzenouillustrationist when faux filter skin finish stick foundation leaves your skin so smooth and radiant all these babes look flawless!! @makeupemalii @j.tere @alishak.xo @makeupbyaliciall @basiabe @wiwiglam @romyglambeauty this one is for you treat yo' e.l.f. to an ingredient-packed mini skin care kit our treat yo' e.l.f. kit includes: superclarify cleanser: creates a gentle foam that lifts impurities from the skin, revealing a clean, smooth complexion. supertone toner: a gentle daily face toner that helps remove dead skin cells to reveal a more radiant, bright complexion. superhydrate moisturizer: infused with squalane, this lightweight gel quickly seeps into the skin for smooth, non-greasy hydration. brightening sheet mask: leave your skin looking clear and refreshed with this lemon-infused sheet mask tap to shop or get yours online and in @targetstyle tap to shop for $15 vinyl eyes monday be flexible this monday with stretched liner and lashes. get the eyes: la palette sourcils le liner de chanel n°16 rouge noir le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir @vittoria the only christmas hangover you actually want gift this set or use it yourself to banish those holiday season beauty hangovers! pssst..it includes our best-selling pillow balm that we literally can't keep in stock! psst: we’re going live on instagram with @boxycharm our global brow expert, @jrobertbailey, at 11am pst today! @allieballiemakeup completes her gorgeous makeup look using some of her faves: hoola matte bronzer precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown brow microfilling pen gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4.5 neutral deep brown drop the emojis that describe @aafrrin's look all prismatic shine, no stick. the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit includes 3 shades in 1 kit that wrap lips in non-stick colour and 3d shine. got brown hair but want to mix it up a little? our new revolution haircare brunette tones are ideal for adding a hint of colour for 2-15 washes transform your colour and condition hair in one easy step, leaving you with vibrant and glossy locks available in 6 colours swipe to see them all!⁣ berry pink⁣ merlot⁣ purple velvet⁣ california orange⁣ green envy⁣ midnight blue⁣ no bleach needed, these tones are formulated to go over brunette hair something coming real soon exclusive to @cultbeauty who’s excited? what's your fave morphe setting spraymist don't mist this opp of 40 off all for a limited-time on morphe.com select morphe stores! continuous setting mist delivers a radiant finish infused with vitamin e, vitamin b5, and fruit extracts continuous-powered spray results in an even controlled application mattifying continuous setting mist controls oil and shine ultra-fine, translucent powder works on all skin tones prevents makeup from melting luminous setting spray instantly hydrates skin for up to 16 hours infused with coconut water and apple extract sweat-resistant and humidity-resistant contains glycerin which seals in moisture tropical scent its time to try something sparkling! metallic, sparkling nuances and delicate, creamy, powdery textures are waiting for you! awaken your own golden goddess and feel your inner shine. get the look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust eyeshadow n°870 metal espresso eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold eyeliner high precision liquid liner n°1 amazing effect mascara blush couture limited edition lipliner n°148 just coffee lipliner n°140 anise lip jewel n°36 summer lights crystal beauty dust image credits: @natascha.lindemann @ohmygeeee is a major she recreates this iconic bratz using our epic ink liner our highest concentration of pure retinol pure retinol requires a high level of expertise in formulation, and formulation just happens to be a science mastered by the l’oréal paris team! now available in the us: l’oréal paris revitalift pure retinol night serum; a new breakthrough in retinol, stepping up to the most ambitious challenge yet, to deliver 0.3 pure retinol, our highest concentration yet. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. vinyl eyes monday open up your eyes with defined brows, vinyl-lined lids, and stretched lashes in a few steps. get the eyes: la palette sourcils le liner de chanel n°16 rouge noir le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir @vittoria stay flawless all day did you know our oil-free born this way matte foundation has you covered for a full 24 hours of lightweight, transfer-resistant, sweat-resistant, waterproof wear?! available in 35 shades @sephora! multicolored dream queen @makeupbyjesi is serving up neon in our cotton candy palette with some bh x get stonned gem set shine on top use her code jesi for 10 off everything can't get to a salon? we have you covered! did you know that we have a @revolutionpro hair colour remover that you can use at home? easily remove permanent, semi-permanent and temporary colours including home and salon dyes to restore natural colour or prep your hair for a new look with no down time! these ingredients are @skincarebyhyram approved get skincare without paying extra at elfcosmetics.com meet our holiday starter pack: diamonds ice, please lipstick diamonds ice, please highlighting palette diamonds ice. please lip topper diamonds ice, please epic ink liner tag an icy girl to let her know available online at nyxcosmetics.com vinyl eyes monday create a wide-eye effect. reshaped and stretched lashes, eyes accentuated with a vinyl black line and sophisticated, yet natural brows create an unparalleled eye-opening effect. get the eyes: la palette sourcils le liner de chanel n°16 rouge noir le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir @vittoria bust out on your own and rewrite holiday traditions with our festive af limited edition ho ho holidays collection she's so sultry and bold that she's officially nsfg: not safe for grandma @graceanne @nilaycafer shares her anti-fall hair care routine with her go-to products are: 1. bain nutri-fortifiant shampoo 2. masque reconstituant 3. defense thérmique what is your genesis anti-fall routine? share with us in the comments down below. genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. @glamjaz is lookin' pretty in pink with this sleek she uses our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' epic ink liner to slay the look don’t be shy… when was the last time you had your brows waxed? whenever you’re ready for a refresh, our @macys browbars are open for service! book online now at the link in our bio! see how your favorite products pair with our best-selling pressed highlighter: becca cosmetics under eye brightening corrector: cover dark under eye circles so all the focus goes to your natural, luminous glow. becca cosmetics sunlit bronzer: give the skin natural-looking warmth with an ultra-buttery texture that blends seamlessly into our highlighter for a sun-kissed glow. becca cosmetics mineral blush: add a flush of colour to the cheeks and pair our highlighter for a flush that looks all your own. becca cosmetics skin love glow shield prime set mist: the final step to melt our highlighter into your skin and keep your glow going all day long. available at @sephora @sephoracanada during the holiday vib sale, ending tonight. give the gift of a glorious glow. skincare sundae serves up four beauty essentials in a charming cherry box. this holiday set includes: youthquake moisturizer recover coconut lip oil travel-size undercover coconut blurring primer new travel-size youthquake coconut crème glycolic facial set-exclusive this swatch of our soft matte lip cream in 'milan' has us feelin' some type of way snag this beauty in our limited edition diamonds ice, please soft matte lip vault global beauty director, elyse just blue us away with this next level glam wearing our better than sex faux mink lashes! she wears style natural flirt. drop a if you love this look on @dixiedamelio @patrickta pro artist @andreasantiago slays this classic glam using our new holiday essentials here's the breakdown: diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please soft matte lip vault in ‘monte carlo’ diamonds ice, please on the rise liftscara our liquid glitter eyeshadows are mesmerizing quick drying, long-lasting with a gel-base formula. available in 11 shades for $5. shop now on elfcosmetics.com q! if you could only use one morphe palette for the rest of your life, which would it be? @charbarker this look right here is it @doralysbritto used brow microfilling pen to get these muse-worthy brows! all happy holiday looks start with healthy, hydrated skin. achieve a radiant complexion with ultra-nourished lips using our limited-edition skincare sundae set. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye @biijall wears our soft matte lip cream in 'budapest' for this perfectly blurred out fall lippie you don't want to miss thisshop your faves for 25 off during while it lasts @genaaaai drop a if @lipsticknick @strashme are the duo you never knew you needed! watch the full video over on our youtube channel: morphe if you could complete your metamorphosis into any animal, which would it be?? @trendmood1 pick one: brow pen or brow pencil? weigh in below! november beauty sales second week second present. with the code base you will get an eyeshadow base for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 a true object of desire, the diorific golden nights lipstick is coated in glitter and engraved with snowflakes. it will be your new best friend this holiday season! diorific lipstick 072 shimmery red these colours though 16 colours to choose from in our new revolution haircare brunette and blonde tones range drop us a comment and let us know which shade is your fave powerful results validated by dermatologists an independent advisory board of dermatologists has validated pure retinol night serum through comprehensive ingredient screening for efficacy, safety, and tolerance and a thorough review of test protocol and results. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. it’s your time to shine, to sparkle and to⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ impress awaken your golden⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ goddess! we are absolutely looking forward to try some sparkling eye makeup. how do you like our sparkling eyeshadow jewels?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown from top to down:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the maskne lowdown!⁣ swipe to see our product recommendations to help drop a comment below if you have any questions that our @revolutionskincare team can help with hydration boost cleanser to ensure the skin is clean but not tight or dry before you put your mask on⁣ 1 salicylic acid serum to keep skin clear as well as hydrated⁣ eye creams to ensure the eyes look bright and shiny over the mask⁣ tea tree essence spray to help to soothe and refresh the skin⁣ purifying cleansing paste to help to absorb excess oil and dirt, whilst vitamin e and biotin will help to maintain soft and supple skin⁣ 2 salicylic acid toner to help exfoliate dirt and sebum from within the pores. glycerin and marshmallow extract will help to keep the skin moisturised and calm any redness⁣ 10 niacinamide 1 zinc serum to help keep skin balanced and hydrated, and any redness or irritation calmed.⁣ hydration boost night to further hydrate, reduce flakiness or dryness and lock in moisture. indulge in sweet skincare treats. experience a new, set-exclusive glycolic mask and ultra-hydrating coconut classics for your lips and face with our limited-edition skincare sundae. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. can't take our eyes off it. get @barbieferreira's warm eye look using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette, including 5 versatile, prismatic shades for the face and eyes. blend glimmer all over the eyelid and under lower lash line using a soft bristled brush. press prismify onto the inner corner of the eye using firm brush or your ring finger. build hued onto the outer corner of eye using soft strokes. @ultabeauty untie the ribbons and pull back the wrapping paper... it’s time to enter our holiday collection brings to life the magic and merriness of the season with whimsical illustrations by @izakzenouillustrationist! we can’t pick a favorite! our tinted lip and cheek stains are smudge-proof and the easiest way to brighten up your cheeks and lips! @makeviviju look red hot this christmas with cinnamon-scented eye shadows, shimmering pink blush, an exclusive cinnamon bear shade of our iconic melted matte lipstick! this set also includes a limited edition cinnamon bear makeup bag, too! get yours @sephora home is where the candles are keep your eyes peeled and senses enhanced is almost here!⁣ tag a friend who needs to know today is a great day to try our iconic putty primers save on your haul and get $8 off your next beauty purchase @walgreens when you spend $25 on beauty now until december 1 matte putty primer: perfect for those who want a shine-free matte complexion poreless putty primer: perfect for those who want a poreless, flawless finish luminous putty primer: perfect for those who want a radiant, glowing complexion tap to shop you definitely need to try our lip jewel n°24 purple stars with our matching products of our collection. swipe left to see the complete look! comment with if you are excited to try this sparkling shade. gold palette is here!!! how gorg is she? available exclusively at @cultbeauty @tinakunakey serves us the look of hydrated, smooth as butter skin. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames used moisturizer and recover coconut lip oil. drop a @pradaolic's looks is giving you butterflies are you cleaning your brushes regularly? dirty brushes can lead to skin inflammation, clogged pores and blemishes clean them once a week to avoid harmful buildup. repost @cultbeauty even more beautiful than you could have ever imagined? coming very soon to cult beauty, this exclusive @hudabeauty gold obsessions palette is the greatest gift we could wish for want to be the first to know when it launches? follow the link in our bio to sign up to our waitlist! gold palette is here! which shade is your fav? exclusive to @cultbeauty happy haulidays we partnered with sought-after uk makeup artist, @mmmmitchell to curate the ideal holiday haul that will get you glammed-out and self-cared-up. this must-have collection for just $49 a $117 value £49 £108 value on morphe.com who are you buying one for? drop a if self-care is the best care or for everyone on your nice list includes: glammed out: 9h hot for hue artistry palette @plouisemakeupacademy black canvas continuous setting mist color pencil sweet tea color pencil bite me m441 pro firm blending crease brush ee27 pro round blender brush m502 round blender self-care in: prep polish lip scrub @lanolips 101 ointment multi-balm minty @patchology single flash patch eye patch @frankbod mini face scrub @banilacousa clean it zero: 3-in-1 balm travel limited time only. while supplies last. @ziyanimazeeha serves this flawless fall using some of our current faves born to glow radiant foundation can't stop won't stop concealer dewy setting spray ultimate utopia shadow palette epic ink liner when the weather turns cold our lips need extra tlc the friends x revolution lip mask and scrub come in two coffee-scented flavours: vanilla caramel @justlucyslife it doesn't matter what season it is you're good to glow which too faced bronzer is your go-to? comment below! our ultimate utopia shadow palette is a literal dream @beautyplustania is the first range to treat the two types of hair-fall fall from the roots and fall from breakage, with a personalized routine to match different hair types in all lifestyles. let's take a closer look inside the genesis formula to understand why you will never be afraid of falling: aminexil: helps hair to anchor more solidly into the scalp and prevents collagen from hardening around hair follicles. edelweiss native cells: known in skincare for its antioxidant power and collagen preserving properties. the edelweiss flower is capable to resist the most extreme conditions. ginger roots: known for its ability to protect against daily external aggressor find out more at www.kerastase.com genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. power couple when using retinol products such as the pure retinol night serum, always make sure to use an spf lotion the morning after, such as the triple power spf 30 lotion. your skin will be protected and grateful! shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. self-care and skincare go hand in hand. treat yourself to deep hydration and retexturizing results with moisturizer. our multi-tasking moisturizer is packed with powerful pineapple enzymes and encapsulated sodium hyaluronate for smoother, plumper skin. leave a below if @ariannachayleneblean's artistry on @imjennim has you bewitched ready to get iced out use our frosty let it glow highlighters alone or layered for extra iridescent dimension @trendmood1 our holiday collection drops today! meet star lux, the perfect collection for ethereal finishes and sparkly touches this is the only gift you'll want to give and receive get it @ultabeauty in-store only and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a lil from our global diamonds ice, please campaign that was shot at home through facetime! @iamdytto serves her iciest holiday glam straight from her bedroom how have you been spending your time at home? shop the full collection online at nyxcosmetics.com give the gift of happy skin w @sweetchefskincare' sweet skin sampler full of best-selling minis for you to mix match and find the perfect concoction for your skin. don't forget to sign up for to earn more points and save big this holiday season kit includes: beet vitamin a serum shot 7ml kale vitamin b serum shot 7ml ginger vitamin c serum shot 7ml superfood vitamins moisture boost 10ml ginger vitamin c pressed sheet mask help. we've fallen we can't get up our limited edition diamonds ice, please butter gloss lip vault is everything we've ever wanted snag this glossy dream exclusively at @ultabeauty when you just can't wait to open your e.l.f. advent calendar e.l.f.-stravaganza 24 day advent calendar is available now @walmart on walmart.com currently on sale! @soprimpjules instant moisture long wear. name a more iconic duo, we'll wait. trace your lips with ultimate lip definer and fill in with ultimate lipstick love for moisturizing, pure colour that lasts. shades shown: ultimate lipstick love cherry scarlet mocha taupe ultimate lip definer fun confident fearless breezy now’s the perfect time to shake up your makeup look this adorable holiday set has 3 of our iconic products in purse-friendly mini sizes and it’s only $15 a $21 value!! get yours now from @urbanoutfitters! lean into gloriously glowing skin. achieve a lit-from-within look with our limited-edition skincare sundae set. artistry by: @morganemartini models: @madamealexandra, @justjenaye jingle belle get ready to light up the night with snowy, silvery shadows that are cold as ice @breecolter @nataliadorbat wears our born to glow radiant concealer suede matte lip liner in 'cold brew' butter gloss to complete this stunning slay refresh your palette stash for the new season which too faced palettes are you wearing to capture all the cozy fall vibes? butter gloss is a baddie's best friend which shade from our limited edition diamonds ice, please butter gloss lip vault do you have your eye on? make sure to add this exclusive bundle to your list before it runs out available at @ultabeauty who's ready to swatch palette?! @trendmood1 have you tried our earth ocean eyeshadow palette? tell us below why we love it: 18 shades inspired by earth tones and ocean views mix of matte, shimmer and satin formulas super creamy and blendable eyeshadows tap to shop screenshots to try this look tomorrow @shayrealbeauty gets this flawless, natural look using ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation for lightweight, full coverage that lets her skin breathe. she finishes her look with a pop of prismatic shine using be becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette on her face and eyes. try ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation for yourself for 30 off during foundation week, starting today only on beccacosmetics.com what can do for your brows? fluff around and find out! book your free brow consultation with our national brow artists through the link in our bio! @jrobertbailey @ahliyah.michelle is sweet as sugar coneuse her code ahliyah on our site for 10 off follow us on bhcosmeticsofficial comment below with a if you drank enough water today! if you haven’t… go get a glass of water now our primer we can't get enough of sparkling details. thanks to our stunning eyeshadow jewels and lip jewels for this amazing finish! what do you think? get the look: eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow n°860 metal auburn eyeshadow n°531 matt brick eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca high precision liquid liner n°01 black amazing effect mascara limited edition blusher n°35 oriental red blush lip jewel n°30 showgirl image credits: @natascha.lindemann with its ingenious formula, our air volume mega mascara blows away the rules of volume like the wind! zoom in a little closer to see @katherinelangford's weightless mega lashes! less house, more home transform your home into a sensory haven with the full revolution home collection including the revolution scented candle revolution room spray in matching fragrances.⁣ revolution home scented candles: £10€10.99$15⁣ revolution home room sprays: £10€10.99$15⁣ mini set of three: £15€15.99$22⁣ tap the link in bio to shop. stunning! swipe through for @mercedezxoxx's pictorial wrapped up in pink metallic packaging, the air volume mega mascara aesthetic resembles an avantgarde airship don't you think? it’s specially designed to preserve the airy, feather-light formula to take your lashes to new heights every time you apply it! warm lighting, soothing atmosphere and a wonderful sensory experience each candle could be a perfect stocking filler, birthday gift or even a little treat to yourself tell us who would appreciate this gift our classic amazing effect mascara in the glamorous limited edition design is an eyecatcher! besides a high quality and effectiveness do you think beauty products should also look stunning? tell us your opinion in the comments.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ i’m soooo happy that you guys love our skin finish foundation stick!! love you guys so much!! swipe left to see stunning tutorials by these beauties @nadjmaofficial @jayblissy @medusabeautyy repost @nadjmaofficial do you see it??!!! i am so in love! you don‘t have a cakey face! it just melts with your skin! and the most important thing: it‘s a really long lasting stick foundation! i used it while showering just like snowy days and hot cocoa️, new and go perfectly together. tap to gift now! @haileybieber's holiday go-to? our give good do good collection. head to the link in bio to shop all her favorite limited-edition sets before they sell out. finding balance from the comfort of our home revolution finding balance is a citrus and floral scent with notes of ginger, grapefruit and lily. perfect for a calming floral aromatic experience. each candle has up to 40 hours of burning time for a long-lasting fragrant experience.⁣ who needs to find balance with this fragrance set? shop through the link in bio. 50 off lip products with code: luscious what's better than your lipstick popping? you and your friend's lipstick popping try out mega last high-shine and matte lip colors enough colors for the whole squad. pictured: strawberry lingerie high-shine and stoplight red matte get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a little hydration help from our favorite derm @teawithmd. listen up to find out why hyaluronic acid is so important especially as we get older. are you using ha in your skincare routine? perfect brows in 3, 2, 1… @sandijarquin goes for eyebrow enhancer! @sephora this glam is @deelishdeanna brings the heat to her look using our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette melted matte lipstick, better than sex mascara eyeliner, and better than sex faux mink lashes style natural flirt! happy singles' day! today, beauty squad members can shop 40 off at elfcosmetics.com and non-members can shop 25 off on orders $30 signing up for beauty squad is easy and free! what are you going to pick up?! products pictured: poreless putty primer matte putty primer putty eye primers putty blush tap to shop and head to elfcosmetics.com to sign up for beauty squad because you deserve it. add a little light to singles’ day with becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette, featuring 5 shades for the face and eyes to get multidimensional holiday looks. shop at: @sephorasg, @sephoramy, @sephoraidn, @thaisephora and beccacosmetics.com drop your favorite fall beverage today only 30 off all products on morphe.com w code justforme @nicaphan the perfect sensory experience doesn’t exi- which one would you prefer? one day only 30 off all products on morphe.com and morphe stores w code justforme @cultbeauty how about wearing strong colors? our metallic lip jewel has all the shades you need to create your signature look for your personal lip need. swipe through the 4 colors of our metallic lip jewel! which one is your favorite color? products shown: metallic lip jewel n°40 extravagant metallic lip jewel n°26 iridescent rose metallic lip jewel n°48 glamorous red metallic lip jewel n°22 starstruck it's national sundae day so you know what that means: she's coming baaack here's the scoop a restock of the full collection will be pouring some sugar on the season in one month from today! set your alarms beauties which palette are you gonna taste first? pistachio palette @bakeandglow let’s get cheeky with a flash sale! shop our blush, bronze highlight full-size mini palettes, our pink squad palette, and select eyeshadow palettes, for 40 off right here in instagram and at benefitcosmetics.com for 2 days only! yaaaay, the holiday’s almost here! introducing our first-ever holidays advent calendar! whether you're looking for a treat for yourself or gifts for your favorite people, this beauty got you covered. filled with 12 of the most-loved goodies from huda beauty x kayali x wishful with a great value for your money. isn't nour's the cutest?! love you guys so much!! available exclusively on hudabeauty.com mix’n’match to achieve your desired mood choose from 6 uniquely fragranced candles and room sprays to create the perfect atmosphere throughout your home.⁣ swipe for our suggestions and save for later inspiration our midweek pink-me-up what are your favorite tips to stay motivated through the midweek slump? share below! drop a if you wear only nude lips and a if you only wear bold lips one day only 30 off all products on morphe.com w code justforme morphe stores! @mannymua733 every coat counts! raise your hand if you love a thick mascara brush? we do too! our air volume mega mascara ample brush will give you beautifully blown out lashes after each application. what's the secret? the short bristles catch and load lashes deep at the roots. the long bristles dispense the intensely black formula evenly. during the winter season you’re more likely to experience hair-fall. when you start noticing hair strands everywhere, you know it’s time to take action and strengthen your hair with an anti-fall hair care routine. whether you have fine hair, thick hair, oily roots, dry lengths... we care for every hair type! with you can have an adapted routine to fight hair-fall matching your hair needs. find the best routine for you by visiting the nearest kérastase salon or by doing our online hair diagnosis at www.kerastase.com four different ways to warm up the eye. our limited-edition warmth eye shadow cheek palette is the perfect pick-me-up for winter find it exclusively at @sephora. @carlygiglio we have major heart-eyes for @sandra.trainer.spain's perfect pout she wears our shout loud satin lipstick in 'wife goals' shaped glitter in 'cosmic love' to get the look colours of chanel black is elegance. black has always been on the spectrum of chanel’s colours. the signature shade of chanel’s inimitable beauty packaging, and of the iconic “little black dress” created by mademoiselle herself. “women think of all colours except the absence of colours. i have said that black has it all.” @liuwenlw @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, talks about his inspirations and shares his makeup tips to create the most beautiful looks with the golden nights collection. dior forever 1n rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson forever cushion powder 001 golden night 5 couleurs golden nights 549 golden snow 5 couleurs golden nights 089 black night diorshow 24h stylo 640 satiny gold diorshow 24h stylo 040 sparkling black diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow brow styler 001 uiversal brown diorific lipstick 072 shimmery red diorific lipstick 070 dazzling beige diorific vernis 767 red wonders diorific vernis 997 dark nights @bettysosa slays this soft glam using our epic ink liner highlight contour pro palette matte setting spray make the nice list this year when you give the of glowing skin unlocks the skin’s full youth potential so that it springs back with new bounce and radiance. tap to gift and place under the tree. what's been your go-to color lately? one day only 30 off all products on morphe.com w code justforme morphe stores! @gleidylovesmakeup stay single, buy double celebrate with 50 off only on our site @genaaaai ‘tis the season for maraschino monochrome: bejeweled ruby eyes, cherry-glazed lips and luminous skin. get the look with our limited-edition collection. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. five e.l.f. products are nominated for @totalbeautyeditors best beauty products of 2020 awards vote for your e.l.f. holy grails at awards.totalbeauty.com products nominated: best concealer: 16 hr camo concealer best eyeshadow: liquid glitter eyeshadows best lipstick: srsly satin lipstick best primer: matte putty primer best moisturizer: superhydrate moisturizer tap to shop these iconic products make 'em jelly! introducing our new diamonds ice, please shadow jelly reflective bouncy-to-the-touch, our innovative sensorial shadow jellies come in 6 shades suitable for all skin tones snag these jellies for a limited time at nyxcosmetics.com what would be your ultimate fantasy? tell us one day only 30 off all products on morphe.com w code justforme morphe stores! @nikitadragun @emmachenartistry created this full-face look using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette on the face and eyes. she finished it off by doubling up on gloss from the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit, applying foiled all over the lip and popping sparkle in the center to create a spotlight effect. two roads diverged in a yellow wood… and @themarcjacobs took the glam path. let’s talk fashion w @clairesulmers, boss lady of @fashionbombdaily babe alert @styledbyjmarie styles her brows with our brow microfilling pen! make your kisses a little sweeter with dramatically hydrated, nourished, and volumized lips! our lip injection extreme plump tasty trio set includes our original, pumpkin spice, and christmas cookie shades! available @cultbeauty! 5 ways to use @maddieziegler's this holiday season: blend onto lips for that mistletoe moment tap onto nose for a hint of jolly goodness blot onto cheeks for that seasonal glow brighten up your look with a hint of double to get that perfect wash of color have any others to add? drop 'em in the comments one day only 30 off all products on morphe.com w code justforme morphe stores! are you ready for our jelly? swipe on our limited edition diamonds ice, please shadow jelly for an extra icy available online at nyxcosmetics.com get your holiday lip look on lock with le marc lip crème in oh miley!, a maraschino-red dressed in limited-edition packaging. fill in the blank... on wednesdays we wear @lishalovesmakeup wears our putty eye primer in rose, glow gleam beam highlighter palette in light and primer-infused blush in always rosey for this super fetch look tap to shop! yesss! we're stoked to be a part of the newly-launched conscious beauty at ulta beauty program this initiative gives you the power to shop brands that positively impact our communities and our planet under this umbrella, every one of our products has been certified 100 cruelty-free always have been, always will be! and over a dozen are aligned with ulta's clean ingredient list sustainable packaging standards swipe to see some of our faves that are certified conscious beauty at ulta beauty! visit @ultabeauty in-store or online to make beauty choices you can feel really good about this is what all your friends have on their wishlist this year our together at lash set includes all 3 full-size mascaras for just $38 a $75 value! pick yours up now at @hsn @qvc @macys @belk @bloomingdales @birchbox @revolvebeauty @urbanoutfitters @asos benefitcosmetics.com! before and after how do you like this glamorous look?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°860 metal auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°531 matt brick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing effect mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°35 oriental red blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°30 showgirl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pink is the new black! we want to know what you love most about our air volume mega mascara! is it the light, flexible formula? it's unique barrel shape? or is it the mega weightless results? tell us below! daydreaming about precious glamour the precious glamour glitz up mini eyeshadow palette is the definition of glam leave a if you agree!⁣ can you see the difference between the left and the right eye? our eyeshadow base on the right eye makes your eyeshadow highly long-lasting, more intense and brilliant! beauty sales in november! with the code base you will get a magic fix for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 things are looking up. if you've been trying more eye-focused makeup lately, this tutorial for a rosy wash of color is everything you need. love this look from @joybeforeher? share your own using have you told you lately that you love you? show yourself some love this season with @lillianavazquez! on esteelauder. com, lilliana will be sharing her tips on how to treat yourself during the holidays! join us at 6pm et today for our live event curious about the products inside our exclusive @sephora kit? here's a breakdown of the essentials yours for only $38. complexion rescue tinted moisturizer: provides sheer-to-medium coverage while improving skin’s hydration. bounce blur blush: breakthrough bouncy powder with blurring minerals goes on effortlessly with your fingertips. endless summer bronzer: adds an instant sun-kissed glow while blurring the look of pores. star lux glitter highlighter duos are for sculpting, defining, and shimmering to perfection available in: star crazy, spacing out, and now or nova get it @ultabeauty and always at wentwildbeauty.com sparkling inspiration @karo.cerni with our artdeco awaken your golden goddess collection discover the brand new version of the iconic rouge dior for the holiday season, engraved with snowflakes for a stunning winter makeup look! rouge dior 999 golden nights collection mind-blowing results! this time around, we're just going to let the before and after photo speak for itself! when we said our air volume mega mascara will take your lashes to new heights, we meant it! why all the talk about strong skin? because it looks sooo healthy and radiant, as seen on @lifewithjazz. have you tried skin-strengthening skinlongevity serum yet? available @sephora @ultabeauty @nordstrom one palette, endless possibilities we've made it easy as pie to wrap yourself in the cozy, sexy warmth of the season with our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette! stock up @sephora. 5 different ways to add light and colour to your face and eyes this holiday. which shade is your fave? the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette features new prismatic pigments that blend seamlessly to layer bold colour and iridescent light for multidimensional looks that match any mood, vibe, or occasion. eight liquid glitter eyeshadows all in one box all that glitters liquid glitter eyeshadow vault includes our gel-based, quick drying liquid glitters in shades flirty birdy, disco queen, dirty martini, 24k gold, ocean eyes, copper pop, black magic, and limited edition cranberry punch tap to shop for $35 $40 value! throwing it back to the revolution x friends collection from last week @thatgirldami is using the open the door and he’s her lobster 3d eyeshadow palettes. available through the link in bio our crystal beauty dust n°8 precious gold is definitely our favorite product when we talk about shimmering skin details. when would you apply this lovely product?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ what's your shade? @kingkiahh repost @cultbeauty calling all @hudabeauty obsessives! make way for the giveaway of the century: win the entire huda beauty range, plus a signed edition of the all-new naughty nude eyeshadow palette who can put a price on that? here's how you can be in with a chance of winning this treasure trove... to enter: 1. follow @cultbeauty and @hudabeauty 2. tag a friend in the comments 3. share this post to your instagram stories open internationally. competition closes midnight gmt 17.11.20. all entries via this post and @hudabeauty's post are pooled and a winner is selected at random and announced within 5 working days of closing date via the caption of this post. prize is non-redeemable for cash or otherwise. yasssss boo!!! love that you're shooketh!!! @jackieaina @jackieaina my loves check out her full review of our stick foundation on her youtube channel! we want our brows to be like @leesondra’s when they grow up she takes us through her everyday brow routine using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! repost @huda the prettiest gold palette ever only at @cultbeauty just one look and we're burning up @damianstylezzz gives off that fizzy flush in our bellini blush tag the babe you'll be gifting @lillylashes best-selling miami style paired with a mini lash adhesive! follow along with our global education artist, jazmine as she creates this smokey eye glam using our enchanted wonderland makeup set. don't forget to save this post so you can recreate this look later! @ms.mylesbmurray slays this magenta using our soft matte lip cream in 'paris' can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation micro brow pencil inspo: @raggedyroyal the holidays are just around the corner! @claudiaadallavalle shows us how she keeps her skin glowing throughout the holiday season. watch her holiday skincare routine, featuring our new advanced night repair! shop the routine: face serum: https:estee.cm3nguo3s advanced night micro cleansing balm: https:estee.cm3f5epo9 skin activating treatment lotion: https:estee.cm35rqlej revitalizing supreme creme: https:estee.cm35poqhx eye supercharged complex: https:estee.cm36twxgg lip oil-serum: https:estee.cm3knz8st don't miss out on our revolution 2020 advent calendar tap to shop! the mega the better! everything about the air volume mega mascara is bigger than life! from the brush, to the packaging and results! tag a friend below who loves to make a big impact with their lashes... you may notice more hair-fall during the coldest months of the year. this might be due to the dry air of winter drawing out important moisture from your scalp and lengths. but don’t worry, we got you covered! with you will never be afraid of falling again. for dry and thick hair, the masque reconstituant is your best ally to combat hair-fall and to strengthen your hair! it will intensely nourish, detangle and reinforce the hair strands to reduce the risk of hair-fall due to breakage. how to apply? apply on towel-dried hair massaging the mask into your lengths and ends, leave it in for 5 minutes before rinsing thoroughly. your hair is soft, shiny and healthy. find your routine by visiting your nearest kérastase salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the usa visit kérastase-usa.com for more information drop a if @charlidamelio is your makeup inspo complexion check! what's your routine for a flawless finish? in everything is fresh, flawless, and fabulous just like our stay-in-place foundation. plus it’s mask-friendly: it’s transfer-resistant and sweat- and humidity-resistant so you can attend any small gatherings with confidence! @ravenonrebel transfer-proofs her look using our dynamic duo: can't stop won't stop foundation makeup setting spray matte they're saying it's our best formula yet swatch the new vegan extra clean naughty palette for yourself and tell us what you think @trendmood1 the glowiest season of them all is right around the corner it's time to pick your shade of endless glow highlighter. did you know they're glitter-free? shades pictured: free, fierce and joy make the ultimate statement with voluminous lashes and lush, cherry-red lips. @justjenaye wears mascara and in oh miley! from our collection. artistry by: @morganemartini don’t have time for a fussy brow routine? is your jam! for a limited time, grab our multitasking powder pencil duo for 50 off at @hsn! helloooo, gorgeous! introducing our biggest shadow palette yet diamonds ice ultimate 80 pan artistry eyeshadow palette from creamy mattes, to luxurious glitters each shade is designed to take your look to the next level available exclusively on @amazon drop a if you're feeling the blues from @maddieziegler mua: @thetonyabrewer golden @anknook uses our retro paradise eyeshadow palette for this golden glam eye look and our wow brow gel in deep brown to keep those brows in place all day tap to shop drum up major drama in the blink of an eye. now in a limited-edition cherry-covered packaging, ultra-black swipes on the look, length and head-turning volume of falsies in 3 simple strokes. to: me, from: me get mistletoe ready lips and lashes with our better than sex mascara, damn girl! mascara, and lip injection extreme christmas ornaments! our diamonds ice ultimate 80 pan artistry eyeshadow palette is serving up alllll the options and the pigment snag this limited edition baddie exclusively on @amazon tag a friend who needs to hear this @grrrrrrrrrls when our primer is that good. @ling.kt giving our poreless putty primer some love. available on elfcosmetics.com and @superdrug with three prismatic glosses in one kit, it’s impossible to choose. luckily, you don’t have to. the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit features three mini lip glosses with high-impact, 3d shine to light up any holiday look. make them do a double take. lay on luxe layers of cherry-inspired hues from the eye-conic palette in cherrific. then, push it over the edge with max-volume lashes using mascara. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra if we were to do a what would you want to win from our new diamonds ice, please collection asking for a friend giveaway closed congrats @soglam.t @abriedoesmakeup @gmartistry! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 3 lucky winners to win a $150 gift code to shop everything lips more till you drop on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 111620 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 111720. she'll make you melt @shamelesslydia is straight sugar in this truffle blush look shop with her code shameless for 10 off sitewide it won’t delete your toxic ex, but cakeless concealer will delete your blemishes dark circles our very own global makeup artist, @thevalgarland describes the packaging as being pure, pink, joy and we couldn't agree with her more. we want to know if you feel the same way! @mernahermez introduces our new collection awaken your golden goddess and shows you in her tutorial how to get her glamorous makeup look. anyone else got this friday feeling? are you excited to discover 24 artdeco beauty moments with our lovely advent calendar? happy friday my loves hope you guys are amazing!! where are you guys from? @huda adding these to the top of our get the ultimate holiday glam with matte lipstick in carnal 520 and perfume. tis' the season for a haul-iday giveaway!! winners have been contacted via dm we're celebrating christmas early by sending two lucky babes a mega haul of goodies from our christmas collection! how to enter:⁣⁣⁣ like save this post! follow @toofaced⁣⁣ tag a bff they must be following, too!⁣⁣⁣ for bonus entries, comment which too faced products are on your wish list this year! good luck! our eyeshadow base is a girl's and an eyeshadow's best friend!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty sales in november! with the code base you will get a magic fix for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 image credits: @jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ love our award-winning original loose mineral foundation? you’re in for a treat. a new original is available and you can be the first to shop @qvc. colours of chanel black is elegance. chanel blacks are nuanced: matte, glossy or even enhanced with a hint of gold. discover this iconic black look imagined by @luciapicaofficial and recreate it yourself. get the look: les beiges water-fresh tint les beiges healthy glow sheer powder n°21 baume essentiel transparent stylo yeux waterproof n°944 noir énigmatique signature de chanel n°10 noir le volume de chanel n°10 noir rouge allure velvet n°62 libre @liuwenlw a look from a distance... our air volume mega mascara will have everyone around you notice your mega lashes from a mile away. giveaway! to show our thanks for your support kick off this thanksgiving holiday, we’re giving one lucky winner and their bff! pjs from @eberjey, clean makeup skincare from @bareminerals jewelry from @mejuri $450 value. here’s how to enter: follow @bareminerals, @eberjey and @mejuri like this post comment and tag a friend you’re thankful for no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends november 15, 2020 at 11:59 pm et. see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: https:bit.ly3phx6ye. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. happy help us spread kindness by spamming the comments with positivity tag a friend below and say something nice about them...let's get to 5,000 kind messages! it's so pretty, i want to cry how unreal is the look of friends x revolution series 1 collection?⁣ @sombiliuketui how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get a festive red and gold look for the holiday season? forever cushion powder 1n 5 couleurs couture golden nights 549 golden snow diorshow 24h stylo 640 satiny gold diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge dior 999 golden nights collection diorific vernis 767 red wonders @fallenmoon13’s brows have us double tapping she defines her with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! plus, she conceals with our boi-ing industrial strength concealer 2 lightmedium! who else is wishing they could have happy hour here? @mirenalos is serving up dreamy weekend inspo. we have the perfect products for every goddess! we love it to be unique and to sparkle together. show us your personal glam look. left look: illuminating primer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°870 metal espresso eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold eyeliner high precision liquid liner n°1 amazing effect mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lipliner n°148 just coffee⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lipliner n°140 anise⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°36 summer lights⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ crystal beauty dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ right look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ illuminating primer eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°830 sparkle pudding eyeshadow n°840 sparkle copper rush amazing effect mascara blusher n°23 deep pink blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ crystal beauty dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ diamonds ice, please lipstick high saturation satin color 6 blinged-out shades available online at nyxcosmetics.com glow as brightly as @klamourmakeup with our megaglo blushlighter! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com drop a if @makeupfreakhajar's cut crease is making us feel some type of way. friday feels living for the weekend vibes which palette have you dug into already? @angeschka we're celebrating world kindness day with our friends at @jedfoundation and @loveislouder we all have that rock star friend who deserves a gift just as cool as their personality from the deep berry satin kiss lipstick and the rock star reloaded eyeshadow palette to the apple scented fixing spray, eye definer pencil and the 3-piece brush set the rock star is the ultimate collection of night time glamour.⁣ tag a rock star! pucker up for santa with dramatically hydrated, nourished, volumized lips and a pop of christmas color with our limited edition lip injection extreme cinnamon bear! the best eye duo: add both to cart right now to get $5 off the primer on morphe.com! share your best duo below and we'll pin our faves! our new diamonds ice please, lipstick in 'highkey' didn't come to play once in a while, there's a product that comes along that is brings something special to the table! what's the deal with our air volume mega mascara? trust us, when we say your lashes will experience intense volume with a twist that feels as light as a feather. when using a heat styling tool, it’s important to protect your hair and avoid hair fall from breakage! for @milliemackintosh, the absolute must-have heat protectant is the défense thermique. what’s yours? @oohweeeg chats w @trevor.j.barrett as he shows us his icy holiday glam!!! this product is a multitasker our monochromatic multi sticks are shimmery, blendable cream-to-powder sticks that can be used as your eyeshadow, lipstick, and blush for an easy monochromatic look. available at @shoppersbeauty tap to shop for only $4 add a touch of glamour to any look with the revolution precious glamour lipsticks three classic shades with a butterfly imprinted on the bullet, wrapped in gorgeous rose gold packaging, with a 90’s inspired removable and an adjustable butterfly ring! layer lush, cherry-inspired hues on your lids with the limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific, featuring four wearable fashion finishes: buttery matte velvet, shimmering satin, sparkling silk and metallic lamé. drop a if you loved @madisonbeer's tutorial on how to get the most subtle eyeliner using her palette giveaway closed congrats @graciepie27 @jessica2oosweet @rogersbrandye4 @ajreyes @jaitheeye! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win the valued at $117! what you'll win: everything in the @mmmmitchell haul includes: glammed out: 9h hot for hue artistry palette @plouisemakeupacademy blank canvas continuous setting mist color pencil sweet tea color pencil bite me m441 pro firm blending crease brush ee27 pro round blender brush m502 round blender self-care in: prep polish lip scrub @lanolips 101 ointment multi-balm minty @patchology single flash patch eye patch @frankbod mini face scrub @banilacousa clean it zero: 3-in-1 balm travel how to enter:⁣ follow @morphebrushes @mmmmitchell like this post⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry bonus: drop a below good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends on 111620 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 111720. @lazybonesbeauty is major she slays snatched, feathery brows using our micro brow pencil bare with me cannabis brow setter three times the cheer our repair renew skincare collection featuring new advanced night repair eye supercharged complex and treatment lotion will brighten her holiday and leave her glowing add it to your now! gather the gorgeous gang byobeauty! our @sephora exclusive holiday set comes complete with all the greatest hits in one ready-to-gift package for just $40 a $93 value! matte bronzer full-size mascara full-size volumizing gel in shade 3 full-size face primer mini more scoops, plz @officialjulissab is hot and toasty in our monochrome sugar cone palette use her code julissa for 10 off on our site let's be honest, drop how long it takes to do you brows below @allintheblush kindness spreads like light, it brightens everything it touches. how do you share your light with others? get festive in dreamy cherry hues and candied sparkle. @federicamakeupart created this sweet look using the eye-conic palette in cherrific. a true crowd pleaser @soolmuaz shows off our plush juicy lip injection lip gloss shade people pleaser! color icon blush: soft buildable affordable 'cause it's only $3.49! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wentwildbeauty.com how many times did you catch @nikitadragun @lipsticknick having to sip? drop your best guess below and we’ll pin @chiaraviva slays this hot pink glam using our control freak eyebrow gel jumbo eye pencil ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' the blacquer the cherry, the sweeter the look. our limited-edition blacquer cherry gift set tops off any holiday look with lifted lashes and a flick of black liner. you’ll find a mini duo of mascara and in blacquer in this charming set. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. where flawless meets festive get the holiday glow-up with this trio of cheery vegan face brushes and luminous highlighters: merry and bright fan brush face trio $27 $35 value let it glow 4 color highlighter palette $14 this look is @jaleesajaikaran uses our retro paradise eyeshadow palette to add some sparkle to this gorgeous look, putty eye primer and calm balm tap to shop do you prefer full or sheer-to-medium coverage? @thelovelist1 flawless @kingkiahh conceals sculpts with cakeless concealer in shades 7 9! choose your two cozy szn essentials comment them below! stunning eye looks by @slayedby.vee which is your fav? 1,2, or 3? boom! a new virtual world is upon us! are you ready to explore digital beauty? we can't get enough of our awaken your golden goddess collection! our lip jewel n°36 summer lights is an amazing product when it comes to sparkling and glamorous lip essentials! when will you recreate this beautiful look? one step at a time, we're pushing the boundaries of makeup in the digital sphere can you guess what we've got up our sleeves? take some make up inspiration this diwali from these beautiful desi queens @zhkdesigns couldn't have said it better:⁣ “diwali is often referred to as “the festival of lights” but i think it’s important to learn the correct terminology, especially at this point in time. some people refer to this celebration as diwali and some refer to it as deepavali, both of which celebrate light over darkness. additionally, there are several other celebrations that fall on the day of diwali, such as bandi chhor divas which celebrates the release of guru hargobind ji for sikhs, tihar which celebrates light over darkness for many in nepal, and states in india, sohrai which celebrates the harvest for many states in india, and many other forms of celebrating. i hope that moving forward, we can say diwali instead of festival of lights”⁣ we hope you’re all excited for some safe diwali celebrations. let it be filled with lots of food, beautiful jewellery light up those candles. happy diwali to all those celebrating today! our most-loved featuring foundation, and eau de parfum. tap to shop our unforgettable classics see how @kaushal creates an effortless look to celebrate diwali. she adds light to her face and eyes using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette, then finishes the look with light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow and ignite liquified light highlighter. the prettiest, so divine! how gorgeous is she? a limited-edition and most beautiful gold palette you wouldn't want to miss! available exclusively at @cultbeauty while supplies last enchanting and oh-so dreamy. the purple hues of our good tidings eyeshadow palette are our sugar plum fairy dream come true. safety never looked this adorable revolution re-useable fabric face masks are dropping soon keep an eye out! family photo! @sephora makeup essentials, but make them models. bite-size eyeshadows with an e.l.f.ing amazing impact these eyeshadows have a creamy, blendable and ultra-pigmented formula for a bite-sized price shades from top to bottom: rose water pumpkin pie cream sugar tap to shop for $3 @tayloredbeautyedit happy diwali to our all around the globe the gorgeous @anchal created this festive to celebrate the occasion using all our favorite including foundation and sculpting lipstick in oblivious 181. all the colors, all the time @brihallofficial is a rainbow fantasy in take me back to brazil snag 10 off sitewide with her code bri this is @abbyroberts world, and we're just living in it. drop a if you loved barbie growing up too! dramatic lids may be the cherry on top, but a holiday look is built on full lashes, lush lips and a glowing complexion. artistry by @morganemartini using the eye-conic palette in cherrific, and in oh miley! spritz spritz here is your friendly reminder to set your glam lock in your look with america's setting spray aka matte setting spray now available in 3 versatile sizes sink your teeth into 50 off all lip products right now with code: luscious pictured: mega last high-shine in sangria time get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com left eye: without eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ right eye: with eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the eyeshadow base makes the eyeshadows highly long-lasting, intense and brilliant. on top of that, the eyeshadow is being applied easier, distributed better and lasts longer. does it sound convincing to you?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty sales in november! with the code base you will get an eyeshadow base for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ simran from @teamrevolutionbeauty shows us how she transforms into a desi queen from home this diwali! “diwali for me is something that brings family together, it has always been my favourite time of year. the diyas, fireworks, food amazing desi outfits is always something i will value in my culture. i think it’s super important that south asians are represented within creative industries. i’ve always been an advocate for this and i’m happy that i can use my voice to do so. being able to show south asian culture and its beautiful traditions globally is amazing and something i will never stop doing!” simran @maidofbeauty swipes on our filler instinct plumping lip polish in 'let's glaze' to slay this icy holiday lippie are you team glossy or matte? an up-close look at the brush for our new strength length mascara. it features a bristled side to lengthen lashes, a flat side to build fullness and side bristles to define. tap the how-tos icon on our highlights for a full brush tutorial. @sephora @lostwithkristen gingerbread bb our new vegan extra clean nice 16 color shadow palette proves that the sweetest things come in small packages @beautyandthecandy are you looking to strengthen your hair from the roots this winter? the sérum anti-chute fortifiant is your best ally. enriched with a potent combination of aminexil, edelweiss native cells and ginger root, this serum maximizes the resilience to falling by strengthening the hair from the roots. it soothes the scalp and reinforces its natural protective barrier to effectively reduce hair fall. to get the best results, apply 4 full pipette until the mark daily directly on your scalp, section by section, on dry or towel-dry hair. massage gently to activate the microcirculation and do not rinse. to get the best anti-fall results, follow this routine for 6 weeks minimum. the sérum can be used all year long to fortify your hair and prevent hair fall. during peaks of hair fall, replace your genesis anti-chute sérum with genesis ampoules. genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. this weekly purple shampoo by @playa is packed with beautiful, naturally-derived violet pigments, deeply cleanses to neutralize brassiness, and rinse away mineral buildup for brighter, shinier strands. benefits butterfly pea flower neutralizes brassiness apple cider vinegar gets rid of product buildup lemon lime citric acid detoxes strands no need to cherry pick. everything in the oui mon cherry gift set is the best and juiciest of the bunch, featuring a full-size coconut lip oil, mini mini o!mega bronze, mini and a glossy cherry bag. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. a lil organization with pro artist @andreasantiago who spills the tea on how she keeps her vanity organized get ready to take some notes as she shares some pro tips drop some of your tips below just watch @zainabshahidx uses mascara to maximize her lash volume! colours of chanel black is elegance. gabrielle chanel loved the colour black because it allowed her to be elegant without being too obvious. for this make-up look, black gives an edge to the eyes with a signature cat eye paired with subtle nude lips. get the look: les beiges water-fresh tint les beiges healthy glow sheer powder n°21 baume essentiel transparent stylo yeux waterproof n°944 noir énigmatique signature de chanel n°10 noir le volume de chanel n°10 noir rouge allure velvet n°62 libre @liuwenlw introducing signature faces, the 1st interactive makeup line offering 9 exclusive virtual filters captured in 3 avant-garde themes: volumizing capsules, plump shots fire shots experiment these looks co-created by famed make-up artist @thevalgarland and 3d artists, ariel lu and sylvain gaussens. are you ready to step into a new dimension? more details on the link in bio! pov: @skincarebyhyram helps with your morning routine products mentioned: hydrating serum: helps soothe and protect the skin with jojoba, aloe, vitamin e, grape and shea butter for nourishment 50mg cbd eye cream: formulated with skin-loving ingredients including hyaluronic acid and peptide complex to help reduce the appearance of aging happy hydration cream: nourish the skin with this creamy, hemp-derived cannabis sativa seed oil face cream tap to shop to get glowing skin loving this lil liner moment by @undomymakeup she slays this flawless floating liner using our epic ink liner stun in full, drama-stirring lashes, lit-from-within skin and supple-soft lips. get the look with our new oui mon cherry gift set from our collection. artistry by: @morganemartini models: @justjenaye, @madamealexandra if you could have an endless supply of any product, what would it be? drop it @paintedmina care for your lips as the weather cools down. the hydra-light lip care collection is powered by hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture. pro artist @xoivettea glides on our limited edition diamonds ice, please epic ink liner to create this sleek, graphic liner inspo:@priscillaono quick! you can only pick one to use for the rest of your life! blush the glow of your dreams bring out your inner radiance with our complexion-enhancing turn up the light highlighting palettes! walking in a winter wonderglam!! our adorable christmas snuggles melted kisses set has 4 of our iconic melted matte lipsticks in mini travel sizes and each one smells like a sweet christmas treat! available @ultabeauty red realness @halloweenkween is killin' it in @hairaconda is a major she wears our epic ink liner to complete this what people are saying about our new putty blush: overall, this is a luxury quality blush for drugstore price. i'm blown away. i'm completely in love. this formula is unreal. -crabitt tap to shop putty blush $6 and try it our for yourself @jazupmystyle this brow transformation just did the dishes, cleared our skin and maxed out our 401k @glamdit slays this natural brow style using goof proof eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4 warm deep brown! no you're blushing @ryanbpotter gets one of his signature blush looks with the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica palette. become an absolute eye-catcher with this glam look! would you recreate this look?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ show us your digital-self! with signature faces, you're bound to have fun with the most fantastical make-up effects! achieve this colorful ethereal smoky eye in the blink of an eye, how cool is that? available on google duo, snapchat, instagram teams. and...pose! experience an instant dose of glossy volume on your eyes or lips in one second. from video calls to live streams, our virtual makeup line signature faces allows you to express your creativity in the digital realm. where would you try it? who's getting in the festive spirit?⁣ our top picks for you today! get up to 50 off gifts starting from today to avoid the rush later.⁣ tap the link in bio skinlongevity is made with superfood long life herb to boost skin’s health and immunity for stronger skin that looks younger, longer. dm us with all your questions about this anti-aging ingredient. this year we have reduced plastic on our gifting collection by 50 tonnes. you’ll find our best gifting range yet with smaller boxes and less plastic. look out for our less plastic less waste icon on our gift sets.⁣ 100 vegan cruelty free, 100 satisfaction guaranteed.⁣ get smooth, silky skin with our primer serum, formulated with camellia leaf extract, rose water, and green tea extract natural ingredients ftw! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com there is no better gift than time, except maybe time to yourself with this season, treat whomever you’re shopping for a great teacher, your mom, friends… yourself to a moment of extraordinary beauty with re-nutriv ultimate diamond dual infusion serum. gorg @michelleinfusino used the new lip injection maximum plump today it instantly plumps leaves your lips super hydrated without being sticky. that skinlongevity glow. hydrating niacinamide keeps skin radiant not oily all day long. available @sephora, @ultabeauty @macys @jordynrodillas brushing off all of our worries with this beautiful set great makeup starts with great application! whether you're looking for a beginner’s makeup brush set or simply want to upgrade your existing makeup brush kit the brightest star brush collection has every brush you need.⁣ who needs this set in their life? colours of chanel black is elegance. baume essentiel in transparent is a moisturising highlighting balm that adds a subtle radiance to your face. it melts onto the skin and reflects the light. we've stripped down to next to nothing on our packaging, covering only what we had to today on we're celebrating saying goodbye to 650,000 lbs of excess packaging waste. it’s one step forward on our path toward a more eco-friendly future for e.l.f. 4 lip jewels, 4 golden goddesses, 4 looks! we hope to inspire you every day with our indvidual looks for every beautiful woman. together we sparkle the most! comment below if you are also in love with our new collection. image credits: @natascha.lindemann gorgeous gold babes @bexcxmpbell @ayema1 @anousshkaa @quickbeautyadvices dropping exclusively on @cultbeauty tomorrow benefits of @banilacousa's clean it zero 3-in-1 cleansing balm original: all in one makeup remover, skin cleanser, and hydrator zero balance technology: cleanses the skin deeply without disturbing the skin's natural moisture balance formulated with active botanicals, hot springs water, vitamin e, and vitamin c @goodayskin @ktorr glisten up with gleaming omg glitter! face body gel, now in 3 new extra jolly seasonal shades: on poinsettia festive red sparkle shine gilded gold silver belle snowy silver you’re one swipe away from longwearing, cherry-bomb lips. pure pigment meets pure indulgence in this luxurious, limited-edition le marc lip crème in oh miley! available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. the swatches are in our diamonds ice, please shadow jellies really are all that drop a tint which shade is on your wishlist this year?! @mmotd.jeje where would you wear this look? @tikamargarita wearing gold palette literally all your gold dreams in one palette @huda. available exclusively at @cultbeauty colours of chanel black is elegance. celebrate chanel's iconic colours with five different looks. more on @chanel.beauty. @lilasheen slays this glam using our bare with me hydrating jelly primer soft matte lip cream in ‘stockholm’ green gal @bribri.tx is bringing brightness back in your fave take me back to brazil palette more salted caramel, please! indulge in our richly-seductive salted caramel mini eye shadow palette full of warm, buttery neutrals! what’s your favorite sweet treat? available @sephora. what's this? what's this? there's colour everywhere! you told us you wanted jack skellington to come back! the nightmare before christmas range will be restocked on revolutionbeauty.com thursday 19th november at 9am gmt4am est1am pst. get ready!⁣ drop a in the comments to show your excitement. don't forget to tag or share with your friends that need to know so they don't miss out! spend less but still impress w our glam gifts under $25 tag a babe who needs to gift you one of these @lanolips face base trio $20 @iconic.london always a gloss set $25 @sweetchefskincare sweet skin sampler kit $18 @grandecosmetics 2 step lash system $23 @grandecosmetics grandelips travel size hydrating lip plumper spicy mauve $14 @danessamyricks the dew wet balm and beauty oil mini kit $22 @dragunbeauty dragunglass 3 way liquid lip minis $25 in morphe stores glitter, glitter on the wall! next up... we have the glitter capsules! don't you just love them? it's the perfect way to add a bit of sparkle to your timeline. take a photo and use the hashtag so we can see how these glitter lashes look on you! with the seasonal change, do you begin to find a trail of hair strands on your clothes, on your brush, in the shower and everywhere you go? it’s time to take action and give your hair the anti-fall care it needs with genesis. find your routine by doing our online hair diagnosis at www.kerastase.com and never be afraid of falling. our new diamonds ice, please shadow jellies have us blinded shop the full collection online at nyxcosmetics.com can you guess this iconic blue shade name?! comment your answer below 5 she insists angel butterfly fantasy @cassandraxmua luminous eyes. glowing skin. cherry-red lips. national artistry ambassador @christianschild created this mesmerizing look on @kristatchv using the collection. products used: eye-conic palette in cherrific, shades ask for center lid decadent inner corner mascara lip crème in oh miley! o!mega glaze in gilty available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @sephoradeutschland, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. who else loves a natural glow? flawless brightening concealer is a super lightweight brightening pen that conceals uneven skin tone and under eye shadows use flawless brightening concealer down the bridge of the nose, the brow bones, above the brow, on the tops of the cheeks, and a touch to the middle of the forehead to brighten your overall face and create a three-dimensional effect. pro tip pair with our camo concealers to brighten your base makeup! tap to shop for $5 @bymaipu completes this sultry pink glam with our shout loud satin lipstick in 'cali' arched gorgeous @thanuska.s defines her brows with in shade 4.5! tag someone who needs to live through on their fantasy drop a if you're adding the limited edition diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette to your holiday wish list available exclusively at @ultabeauty oooooh, @the.hannahjensen showing off her sculpted glow from all angles using our mega glo blushlighter get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com sunday night plans complete your routine with a splash of hydration! shop our hangover collection @sephoramiddleeast. don't call her basic indulge in perfectly-ripe fall eye looks with our avocado toast palette's creamy greens earth tones @alexarford @glambbi slays this icy using our new diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette available online at nyxcosmetics.com living for this cut crease @zackaryvang what’s your favorite beauty trend atm? the cherry on top this holiday season: our limited-edition o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in the shade gilty. get your lip gloss poppin' with our candy coated lip set set includes: lip lacquer in clear lip lacquer in fantasy lip plumping gloss in mauve glitz lip plumping gloss in mocha twist tap to shop for $10 available in stores and online @targetstyle hydra-light plumping lip balm is infused with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture. a plumping peptide complex visibly plumps lips while smoothing the appearance of lip lines. is your lip balm doing this much for you? shown in shade surge. deal drop! get two full-size mascaras for $26.40 a $50 value! now at @hsn! crushing on @makeupbyerika19 she builds these bold brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black! sign your look beyond reality today express your creativity by unlocking your on video calls, instagram, snapchat google duo. try for instance the pearl capsules and create the look of real, luminous pearls dotted across your beautiful lids. only your imagination sets the limits! diorific vernis on your nails is the ultimate touch of elegance.try a luminous red or a nocturnal plum, and then add a dash of glitter on top to really sparkle! diorific vernis 767 red wonders diorific vernis 997 dark nights diorific vernis 001 golden snow this baby has officially dropped exclusively on @cultbeauty repost @cultbeauty the moment we've all been waiting for is almost here! it's not long till our exclusive @hudabeauty gold obsessions palette lands, so take a peep at these gorgeous, glimmering swatches. these shadows are all fired up with huda beauty's signature power-packed pigment for long-lasting, crease-free gilding sign up to the waitlist and then get ready to swathe yourself in all the gold... reveal your digital beauty spice up your next video call by bringing an instant, ultra-shiny luster to your lids with plump eyeshadow. it’s also available on instagram, snapchat, google duo teams alongside all the other amazing looks, from our new digital-only make-up line. have you found your favorite signature face already? launch day! we have 4 new revolution skincare launches today!⁣ 2 facial rollers to add to our collection! say hi to our new textured facial roller and the clear quartz facial roller and 2 new sets! the totally tonics collection serves up a full-sized trio of our best-selling tonics, each targeting a different skincare concern and the spritz like you mean it collection serves up a full-sized collection of our five best-selling essence sprays make sure you are following @revolutionskincare to find out more about these launches! the @revolutionskincare new roller is crafted from genuine clear quartz. this unique crystal is traditionally known for its ability to heal and release negative energy rose-gold eyes monday warm up your monday with rose-gold. get the full look: le lift crème yeux ultra le teint flawless finish foundation les 4 ombres n°204 tissé vendôme le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir les pinceaux de chanel flat eyeshadow brush rouge allure velvet n°63 nightfall @kangsjia attention all join @blessherheartbeauty for an unboxing of our limited edition must-have holiday blockbuster! featuring a full-size of new tune in tonight on https:estee.cm2u0mtul at 6pm et. click the link in our bio! missed the livestream? you can still watch it! just head to the link in our bio to watch! shine bright with star lux lip glosses, in 5 celestial shades to light your way through the holidays get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com an iridescent dream. @kellysweetbeauty uses the new becca x barbie ferreira prismatica palette on her face and eyes for a wearable look with a prismatic twist. she finishes the look by tracing her lips with ultimate lip definer in breezy and filling them in with ultimate lipstick love in tawny for instantly moisturizing, pure colour in on swipe. it's swatching time! discover with us our eyeshadow jewels and find your go-to product. which one is your absolute favorite shade? products shown from left to right:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box magnum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°860 metall auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°870 metall espresso⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°880 metall nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°890 metall devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ start spreadin’ the news! our red hot, cinnamon scented eye shadow palette and lipstick is waiting for you! this set is full of warm wearable shades, plus a melted matte lipstick, and a limited edition cinnamon bear makeup bag!! rose-gold eyes monday dress your eyes in light. brighten up the start of your week with a luminous smoky eye in just a few simple steps. get the eyes: le lift crème yeux les 4 ombres n°204 tissé vendôme le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir les pinceaux de chanel flat eyeshadow brush @kangsjia this glow tho @alissajanay uses our all the feels facial oil infused with hemp-derived cannabis sativa seed oil for weightless skin hydration, nourishment and glow shop our all the feels facial oil for $12 on elfcosmetics.com these snowflakes have us shook who's already snatched up our naughty 30 color shadow palette? @bakeandglow the cast who's buzzing for the return of series 1? coming soon!⁣ @meelkup⁣ morphe lisa frank discover the magical universe of @lisafrank, the queen of all things bold and bright! describe how this makes you feel in emojis only introducing the collection: 35b by @lisafrank artistry palette 3 collectible covers blend bright 6-piece brush set w bag treat me sweet 5-piece beauty sponge set case the launch dates: forrest, prancing unis, and zoomer zorbit covers 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty online 35b forrest cover 11.24 @sephoracanada @ultabeauty in-stores 35b prancing unis cover 12.1 @prettylittlething 35b forrest cover 12.1 @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 35b forrest cover 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas who's ready for just dropped on @cultbeauty friendsgiving giveaway welcome to 5 days of giveaways—we’re kicking things off with a cash prize! 2 lucky benebabes will win a $500 amex gift card some product! how to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics like this post tag 3 bffs below, along with @benefitcosmetics for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics! good luck! giveaway ends tomorrow, 1117, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.ly32oxy6b caution: blinding looks ahead which diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette has caught your eye? left: jeweled n jaded right: sky gems available online at nyxcosmetics.com @maquillageitup cyber november continues! up to 50 off face products on revolutionbeauty.com! our top picks for you today your every day essentials. swipe to see them all⁣ conceal define foundation concealer⁣ conceal define powder foundation⁣ loose powders including our famous banana powder⁣ glow splendour bronzers⁣ head to our website to shop don't miss this offer, it doesn't last long! ends 8am gmt wednesday 18th november are you ready to transform your hair instantly? with the holiday season around the corner, get your hair ready with this exclusive in-salon treatment can target 2 problems at the same time in just 5 minutes. with more than 20 combinations you can have an ultra personalized beauty “shot” treatment that will transform your hair. if salons are open in your country, don’t forget to book your appointment now at your nearest kérastase salon and find your fusio dose match: hair-salons.kerastase.com if salons are closed in your country, you can pre-book your future appointment to be on point for the holiday season! welcome to a new era of makeup! get your eyelashes sparkling with glitter capsules that adorn the eyelashes with an irresistible, metallic effect, and make your followers go wow! you can find this eyecatching and luxurious online makeup-line on instagram, snapchat, and google duo. did you try our new signature faces filters already? rose-gold eyes monday go for the gold. eye cream, one eyeshadow palette and mascara are all it takes for this simple yet striking look. get the goods: le lift crème yeux les 4 ombres n°204 tissé vendôme le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir rouge allure velvet n°63 nightfall @kangsjia @hayleybui bringing the she uses our hoola matte bronzer brow microfilling pen! want.this.look.now @jasmineegal perfects her complexion with our born this way super coverage concealer shade warm sand! holiday-ready eyes in an instant. reach for blacquer cherry, our limited-edition gift set with two mini eye essentials: lengthening and curling mascara plus gel eye crayon in blacquer. all the tools you need our gorgeous goodies 10 piece brush set includes 10 cruelty-free brushes for only $20 shop online and in stores @targetstyle and elfcosmetics.com pro artist @alexandriamariee slays this dazzling, monochromatic moment using our icy new holiday collection diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'diamond delirious' diamonds ice, please shadow jelly in 'strike a rose' on the rise volume liftscara diamonds ice, please born to glow highlighting set diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'highkey' diamonds ice, please butter gloss trio in 'set 2' bare with me multitasking spray when in doubt, just lash out @xribana is bringing the dramaaa in our vegan reusable 3d lashes drop a if you're excited for the morphe lisa frank launch! 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty @sephoracanada 12.1 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas ask for extra cherries on top this season. rediscover bestselling major volume mascara in new delectable, cherry-covered packaging. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. open up for a deal! get our full size pink squad cheek palette for just $36 originally $60! to blush, brighten, and highlight those cheeks! it’s 40 off now exclusively online at ulta.com until tomorrow! @ultabeauty oh hellloooo meet our limited edition diamonds ice, please 6 pan shadow palette in 'diamond delirious' available online at nyxcosmetics.com for a limited time the much-adored 35b palette w a twist that only herself could create. these bolder and brighter shades are bursting with more color than ever to play with, in 3 collectible styles. introducing forrest, 1 of 3 collectible covers of the morphe @lisafrank 35b palette the launch dates: forrest, prancing unis, and zoomer zorbit covers 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty online 35b forrest cover 11.24 @sephoracanada @ultabeauty in-stores 35b prancing unis cover 12.1 @prettylittlething 35b forrest cover 12.1 @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 35b forrest cover 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas so pretty, you’ll want to wear it all over. the shade hued, from the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette, is a warm rose shimmer so beautiful you’ll want to wear it all over your face and eyes. luckily, you can. the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette contains five ultra-smooth shades for multidimensional looks on the face and eyes. @monicapalcau completes this flawless using our og soft matte lip cream in 'istanbul' pack your bags, babe we're taking you to destination glam! our fly the sexy skies better than sex makeup set includes a full size better than sex eyeliner, travel size melted matte lipstick in shade into you, a full size of the mascara in america! congrats to our winner @glaminichelle we are celebrating the start of the holiday season by giving away one e.l.f.ing amazing prize with our holiday sets that are available @targetstyle how to enter: [1] follow @elfcosmetics [2] tag friends below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends november 17 at 5:00pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. sweet to eat have your dessert and wear it too with our cotton candy 8 color shadow palette @heatheraustinmakeup @tooleybeauty swipes on our soft matte lip cream in 'rome' to slay this fall lippie which shade is your go to? keep it fresh and glowy even when it’s cold. recreate this understated sparkle with glossy-pink lips and a dash of lash drama. @christianschild used the collection on @kristatchv. products used: eye-conic palette in cherrific, shades delicious outerinner lid and decadent center lid mini in earthquake mascara recover coconut lip oil o!mega glaze in gilty hot deal grab 50 off like our morphe x @madisonbeer brush set more must-have sets solo brushes! available for a limited-time on morphe.com select morphe stores! line 'em up! which shades of our soft matte lip cream do you have in your collection? @beckyaddams @dixiedamelio said: drop your fave product below featuring: brow crush tinted brow gel⁣⁣ happy glaze lipgloss⁣ gleamcatcher illuminator l-balm lip balm prep polish lip scrub simple fresh @makeupbyedgar those brows and contour perfect with brow microfilling pen hoola caramel matte bronzer! grab 50 off like our bring the beat by @mmmmitchell brush set more must-have sets solo brushes! available for a limited-time on morphe.com select morphe stores! if your are looking for shimmering nuances and exklusive shades we definitely recommend our lip jewel n°18 pink positive for a gorgegous finish on your lips! get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ illuminating primer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°538 matt nude rose⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°218 brown mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing effect mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ crystal beauty dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°18 pink positive⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ regram get your glamorous finish step by step with our golden goddess @therubinrose and our awaken your golden goddess limited edition. how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get an intense and shiny makeup look with the holiday collection golden nights? 5 couleurs golden nights 089 black night diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold in our third november beauty sale week you will get a wonder skin primer for free for every order in our online shop. all you have to do is to fill in the code wonder. minimum order value is 35 new launch! start your retinol journey with the @revolutionskincare retinol range. heard of retinol? intrigued and have questions we’ve got you. let us guide you on a magical skincare journey through this amazing ingredient retinol cream cleanser this creamy cleanser helps to remove makeup, dirt, and oil. added rosehip seed oil bisabolol help to soothe and calm £10€11.99$14⁣ retinol toner a refreshing toning water to help refine and resurface the skin. formulated with niacinamide to soothe glycerin to hydrate £12€14.99$17⁣ retinol serum featuring 0.2 retinol, this silky, lightweight oil blend helps to smooth skin tone and texture and reduce congestion £10€11.99$14⁣ retinol overnight cream featuring 0.1 retinol, this dreamy night cream encourages softer skin whilst you sleep. added rosehip seed oil bisabolol help to soothe and calm £12€14.99$17⁣ retinol eye cream with 0.08 retinol perfect for use around the delicate eye area, this nourishing cream helps to reduce fine lines, wrinkles and uneven skin tone. caffeine green tea help to de-puff re-energise tired eyes! £10€11.99$14⁣ fragrance-free cruelty-free vegan made in the uk it's that time of year again, black friday is just around the corner there are going to be some major savings!! what do you guys want to see?? reposting the talented @beautyblogshan shine bright! thanks to our awaken your golden goddess collection for this stunning look!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ metallic lip jewel n°40 extravagant⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wow those lashes!! @preetydhillonmua so gorg!! 2 full size mascaras in 1 @preetydhillonmua is wearing 1 coat of each side. products used: @hudabeautyshop legit lashes mascara life liner duo n.y.m.p.h faux filter foundation easy bake loose powder liquid matte lipstick bombshell so sexy, so confident, so so beautiful!! can't get over how amazing your looks are. thank you my loves, you guys are so talented @ashleykaylamakeup @makeupbyserenacleary @ncsheen @xglambylissx @maysammakeup it's time to meet the new member of our family “i’ve always believed that we should embrace our difference as our strength. so i’m thrilled to join a family of empowered women of all origins standing together to show the power and beauty of diversity.” @gemmachan, our newest international spokesperson no-wrap wrapping 101. our give good, do good collection was designed to be ready-to-gift but if you're still planning on wrapping, we've got a sustainable tutorial for you in stories. check it out for helpful tips and inspo. red lips, black nails, and 40 off sitewide. go on and treat yourself you badasses deserve it pictured: mega last high-shine in fire-fighting head over to wetnwildbeauty.com tap refract, the prismatic topper from the becca x barbie ferreira face palette, onto your inner corner to add a flash of iridescent light to your virtual party look this season. the new way to plump. prime, visibly fill, volumize to look more lifted and feel firmer with this one-stop miracle worker. shop our plump prime serum @ultabeauty! have you tried our flawless satin foundation?! the lightweight, oil-free formula blends naturally into skin and comes in 40 shades shop on elfcosmetics.com for $6 @emilyannecarden we are happy to welcome gemma chan to the do you want to discover more about our new spokesperson? get to know @gemmachan now! all eyes on the eyes! the closer you look the more it sparkles! swipe left to see gorgeous matching lips! will you recreate this look? products used: eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust eyeshadow jewel n°870 metal espresso eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold eyeliner high precision liquid liner n°1 amazing effect mascara lipliner n°148 just coffee lipliner n°140 anise lip jewel n°36 summer lights image credits: @natascha.lindemann we asked a specially selected diverse panel of 50 true skin enthusiasts to blind test our new @revolutionskincare retinol range over 4 weeks we were so excited to see that they loved it as much as us! swipe to see the results! i’ve done a video like this before but omg! @francinyehlke edit takes the crown! love you @francinyehlke drop a if you lilac @makeupbybrooktiffany's look a lot! it's the diamonds for me our limited edition diamonds ice, please highlighting palette is serving up the iciest of fantasies cop this dazzling dream exclusively at @walmart friendsgiving giveaway win a personalized 15-minute brow consultation with our global brow expert, @jrobertbailey and our magnificent brow show holiday set! plus, 8 runner-ups will take home our magnificent brow show holiday set! ps. sign up for a brow consultation with one of our national brow artists at the link in our bio! how to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics like this post tag 3 bffs below, along with @benefitcosmetics for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics! good luck! giveaway ends tomorrow, 1118, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.ly3pc3fyx giveaway closed congrats @madisonganassini @nesscruxx @hyda! thank you to everyone who participated. be one of the 3 lucky winners to win a $150 gift code to shop everything complexion more till you drop on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 111920 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 112020. no sticky fingers here @makeupbymcruz is giving us that sugar high it's all the bling-bling for us want a full face of glam? the precious glamour collection has got it all from butterfly lipsticks and bling bomb lip glosses to a glitz up mini eyeshadow palette.⁣ tag a friend @boxnip @laura.baumane serves up major vibes with this sparkling she wears our highlight contour cream pro palette suede matte lip liner in 'los angeles' to get the look fa la la la lashes lips our better than sex, damn girl!, and lip injection extreme ornaments make the perfect addition to your tree or their stocking! tap to shop! drop a if you're getting the grab the @plouisemakeupacademy and more in the @mmmmitchell haul on morphe.com stay tuned for in-stock updates! @kasiarose.makeup when hair-fall becomes a real concern, your hairdresser can jumpstart your efforts and hold onto your hair with a powerful in-salon protocol. if salons are closed in your country, you can pre-book your anti-fall in salon service! and for salons that are open, you can book your appointment at the nearest kerastase salon. genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. gemma chan joins today our and we're thrilled to have a woman like her on board! an actress and activist, who has grown her influence for greater inclusion in cinema. she is also partnered with unicef to defend children’s rights. gemma, you are so we are absolutely drooling over these putty blush swatches putty blushes have the perfect lightweight formula with a semi-matte finish shades top to bottom: bali maldives caribbean fuji bahamas tap to shop for $6! @cocoaswatches just radiant @ashleybondbeauty fills in defines her brows with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown! hello pigment our limited edition diamonds ice, please highlighting palette has us searching for our sunnies available exclusively at @walmart @nyxcosmeticsnl bold pops of cherry and cream-like neutrals make our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific supremely balanced, utterly wearable and sure to satisfy all your cravings. @jesssatchell swipes on our butter gloss in 'madeline' to complete this gorgeous, rose gold glam limited-time left to grab 50 off like our brush lust set more must-have sets solo brushes! shop on morphe.com select morphe stores! introducing all 3 of our morphe @lisafrank 35b palette collectible covers. drop a of the cover you're getting or a if you’ve gotta collect them all! prancing unis forrest zoomer zorbit the launch dates: forrest, prancing unis, and zoomer zorbit covers 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty online 35b forrest cover 11.24 @sephoracanada @ultabeauty in-stores 35b prancing unis cover 12.1 @prettylittlething 35b forrest cover 12.1 @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 35b forrest cover 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas the holidays are around the corner and you know what that means tag a friend to drop a hint prep your pout with the lip scrubs, available in planet sugar cookie and sugar plum galaxy p.s.: they smell amazing get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a little gift from us to you enter to win our collection everything pictured here by heading to our stories and swiping up 10 winners will be emailed on thursday, nov 19th 10am pst. tag a friend below to spread the word why have one lip balm when you can have two? candy kiss lip balm duo includes two lip kiss balms in bare kiss and xo red with a sheer tint of color, lip-loving ingredients to nourish and soften and a refreshing mint flavor available online and in stores @targetstyle tap to shop for $5 obsessed @majdasakho shows off our melted chocolate eye shadow shade chocolate wine, better than sex eyeliner, and melted matte lipstick shade drop dead red! some of us deal with dark circles even if we are getting enough sleep. no matter the reason for dark under eyes, under eye brightening corrector neutralizes discolouration and brightens the eye area while nourishing and creating an even base for concealer. @saarahbwu completes this glowy glam with the perfect glossy lip she puckers up wearing our suede matte lip liner in 'vintage' butter gloss in 'tiramisu' you can never have enough brow products get two for just $28 a value of $48! at @qvc through 1122! we’re obsessed with this tutorial. @christianschild plays up @kristatchv’s eyes using the collection. products used: mini in plumage eye-conic palette in cherrific, shades: extra define the crease wing delicious blend across crease lower lash line on top define the outer corner juicy on the lid in blacquer mascara where are you going to wear the out a pout berry necessary lip trio? collection includes: matte lipstick in play games lip gloss in frosé color pencil in my jam @ameliecara01 @makeupbydutch can’t get this romantic eye look out of our heads @danielleathena goes for ka-brow! eyebrow cream-gel color 3.5 medium to softly fill in her brows! psssstt... @genaaaai’s here letting you know that we’re having site wide sales all wink wink bc you deserve the best wow! get the perfect eyeshadows with our eyeshadow jewels selection! swipe left to see some glamorous swatches! discover the new derm intensives 3.5 pure glycolic acid cleansing gel from this daily exfoliating cleanser resurfaces, removes excess oils and makeup to reveal smoother, brighter skin. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us you can get up to 50 off all @revolutionskincare in our cyber november offer! and our latest skincare drops are all included! don't miss out limited time only, offer ends 8am gmt 20th november! get the offer only at revolutionbeauty.com the countdown to christmas just got a little more exciting shop the revolution advent calendar via the link in bio!⁣ @pinkpanda.hr flawless wearing skin finish foundation stick @delilevon @itsnoorwaris @leamaluje @basiabe @princess.kaae @pranksterka @itsdianamakeup swipe left! before and after will you recreate this glam look? get the look: eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow jewel n°860 metal auburn eyeshadow n°531 matt brick eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca high precision liquid liner n°01 black amazing effect mascara limited edition blusher n°35 oriental red blush lip jewel n°30 showgirl image credits: @natascha.lindemann a beautiful mess!! love her product pics!! @hosanna1992 repost @hosanna1992 my sunday makeup mess with some of my favorite skincare products see anything you like? true colours episode 4 chanel believes in expression through colour. since 2018, chanel beauty has been working on a project which explores the interpretation of different shades of colour. this interview series captures the unique personalities and perspectives of friends of the house. we are pleased to share with you the fourth episode starring model @imarikaranja. glow all year round @adrilunamakeup. we second that, and it's easy with our mega glo blushlighter get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com the holiday season has always been a sacred time at the atelier dior. monsieur dior took great pride in crafting holiday celebrations which took place on the ground floor of his boutique. today, the tradition lives on, beneath a starry dior sky. with the conference room being moved to the kitchen table, working from home and getting ready for work is totally different now so i wanted to share a few tips tricks on how i've been getting ready for video calls full video is now up on youtube my loves link in bio comment below for what has worked best for your video calls so far! cover imperfections in an instant. how easy is that? even the complexion effortlessly with becca cosmetics ultimate coverage longwear concealer. peachy tones all day which shade is your go-to when creating looks with our just peachy mattes eye shadow palette? @flatlay2slay true colours to the question: “what colour is your lipstick?” @imarikaranja answers: “a peach.” watch the entire true colours interview in our feed, where @imarikaranja explains how she sees the world through colours from lipstick to happiness. friendsgiving giveaway we’ve teamed up with farmacy beauty to give you the beauty haul of your dreams! wanna win a $700 prize package? how to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics @farmacybeauty like this post tag 3 bffs below for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics! good luck! giveaway ends tomorrow, 1119, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.lybenefitxfarmacybeauty how precious is our glamour? very. the look of the bling bomb lip gloss on @anais.picquet got us levitating.⁣ @anais.picquet i’m lurky turducken via @michellevisage @mallyroncal ready for some visible results? after using the revitalift derm intensives 3.5 pure glycolic acidcleanser, pores look minimized, skin feels hydrated, and refreshed. and the best part is that 86 of women felt smoother skin after just 1 week of use. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us pop quiz! niacinamide is: a @haileybieber's favorite skincare ingredient b helps protect and strengthen skin c powers new skinlongevity long life herb eye treatment d all of the above! can you guess which palette @makeupbyalinna is wearing? @jamescharles artistry palette congrats to our winners @rosie34 and @em.lee we’ve partnered with @princesspollyboutique to give you an e.l.f.ing amazing makeup and clothes prize pack! 2 lucky winners will receive: $200 gift card to @princesspollyboutique $200 gift card to @elfcosmetics rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @princesspollyboutique [2] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends monday, november 23rd at 9am pt. no purchase necessary. the two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. is there anything so tempting as a bowl of ripe cherries? this limited-edition trio of treats comes close. give in to our tempting trio gift set of mini favorites: mascara, enamored lip lacquer in pretty thing, and in blacquer. it's the packaging for us who's planning on gifting some goodies to their friends fam this year? introducing zoomer zorbit, 1 of 3 collectible covers of the morphe @lisafrank 35b palette drop a if you're getting this cover or a if you gotta have 'em all! the launch dates: forrest, prancing unis, and zoomer zorbit covers 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty online 35b forrest cover 11.24 @sephoracanada @ultabeauty in-stores 35b prancing unis cover 12.1 @prettylittlething 35b forrest cover 12.1 @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 35b forrest cover 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas true colours to the question: “what colour do you think of when you think of paris?” @imarikaranja answers: “dark lavender.” watch the entire true colours interview in our feed, where @imarikaranja explains how she sees the world through colours from lipstick to happiness. a palette as seamless as the finish it delivers: meet our gen nude ombre face palette. a blend of rose blush, matte mineral bronzer and shimmery champagne highlighter, it's perfect for you or your loved ones. plus, the eco friendly, plastic-free packaging is cute enough that you can skip the wrapping paper. grab a few while you can at @nordstrom for only $25! embrace the magic of the season step into a whimsical winter wonderland with our enchanted forest makeup set! it includes an exclusive palette with 20 eye shadows 4 face products, a full size lip injection lip gloss in shade enchanted pink, and a travel size better than sex mascara. stock up @ultabeauty! the work that went into this lewk!⁣ @caitlinsmallmakeup was inspired by the revolution x friends series 2 give it a below if you're impressed! designed for thin to normal hair, fondant renforçateur reinforces hair fiber natural resistance to reduce the risk of hair-fall due to breakage. it provides immediate strength and softness without weighing down the hair. use the fondant after your bain on towel-dried hair, leave it on for 2 to 3 minutes before rinsing. genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. forever dreaming about these brows @blenderellla perfected her look using: precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel roller lash mascara hoola matte bronzer watt's up highlighter drop a if @janellechristinaa's cut crease has you captivated! in the wild you can still play dress-up like @leesondra in our exclusive @getstonned gem set sugar, spice, and everything nice @ericaswn wears our born to glow radiant concealer as a base to transform herself into blossom who is your favorite powerpuff girl? this blush will fool everyone into thinking you just got back from a tropical vacation putty blush in fiji is a lightweight cream to powder blush with a semi-matte finish for natural, buildable color tap to shop for $6 our new diamonds ice, please matte lipstick vault is everything we've ever dreamed of tag a matte lipstick lover who needs this in their collection glow like a disco ball w @frankbod's shimmer scrub a natural sugar-based body scrub packed with environmentally friendly glow dust grapeseed oil vitamin e to buff away dry skin, moisturize, and leave you covered in a light shimmer! give it as a gift this holiday season for only $11 on morphe.com select morphe stores! @andreacimatti slays this sharp winged liner using our og epic ink liner yes we did a double take. check out barbie's glossy, prismatic look using the becca x @barbieferreira prismatica holiday collection. barbie wears: light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in laser to create the wing shape. becca x barbie ferreira prismatica palette shade hustle all over eyes and around eyelids, plus shade refract over center of lid to create dimension. ultimate lipstick love in rouge then topped lips with becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss in sparkle. no wrapping necessary check off your shopping list with one of our limited edition holiday value sets! just tap on the product tags to learn more about the sets check out directly in the instagram app! @gabrielle.shoots physically: freezing mentally: hot af like @ryanbpotter in the palette drop a if you got the morphe x @nikitadragun palette the rules are you more of a pearlescent pink or a pinch me pink? color icon blush has you covered either way get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com can you say iconic duo? give your lashes and lips a boost with our better than sex mascara lip injection extreme. shop via ig checkout @sephora. @anniebeautyglow wears our matte liquid liner to complete this flawless dress your eyes in bold, cherry-inspired hues with the collection. @christianschild creates a maraschino look on @kristatchv using: undercover coconut eye primer eye-conic palette in cherrific, shades: cherries across lid on top define outer corner lower lash line decadent inner corner lip crème in oh miley! mascara recover coconut lip oil o!mega glaze in gilty this kit includes 3 full-size versions of @beautybakeriemakeup's best sellers: kit includes: full size oat translucent flour setting powder full size spray your grace baking spray blending egg pink makeup sponge shop this perfect stocking stuffer for $32 $45 value on morphe.com select morphe stores! the detail in this eye look @ironberlitz uses our 16hr camo concealer in light sand to give this e.l.f.ing amazing eye look the attention it deserves tap to shop 16hr camo concealer for $6 sharp, pigmented, and extra icy cop our cult fave epic ink liner, dressed up in our limited edition diamonds ice, please packaging shop it now at nyxcosmetics.com come thru, glitter! new shades to light up your face, body and hair with some multi-dimensional, vegan shine in our ho ho holidays: omg glitter! @dupethat saves to mood board these dimensional brows by @ashslaymua are everything! step precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 3 warm light brown step 3d browtones eyebrow enhancer 02 light medium step 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel discover this beauty series with @junshison0305 for @ellejapan. a touch of dior lip maximizer on the lips for a festive look! dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold unveil the power of glycolic acid! glycolic acid is recognized by derms as a resurfacing agent that visibly brightens and smooths skin for improved complexion and glowing skin. our new derm intensives cleanser is formulated with 3.5 pure glycolic acid to reveal smoother and brighter skin. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us well, well, well. what have we here? the pumpkin king is back and the nightmare before christmas collection has been restocked on revolutionbeauty.com everybody scream!⁣ products restocked:⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution jack sally palettes £15€16.99$22⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution brush set £20€21.99$24⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution highlighters £8€9.99$10⁣ nightmare before christmas revolution lip gloss £5€6.99$8⁣ tap link in bio to shop this collection don't miss out! our lip jewel n°36 summer lights is an amazing product when it comes to sparkling and glamorous lip essentials! when will you recreate this beautiful look? it's simply meant to be halloween has passed but the nightmare before christmas collection is here one more time did you cop yours?⁣ @shazzwazz for the holiday season, try out the dior lip maximizer with gold shimmer in it to make your lips' shine bright! dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold red-lips-only thursday spice up your fall look with a brick-red matte lip. get the full look: les beiges water-fresh tint ombre première n°22 visone stylo yeux waterproof n°924 fervent blue le volume de chanel n°10 noir hydra beauty baume nourrissant lèvres le crayon lèvres n°188 brun carmin rouge allure velvet extrême n°130 rouge obscur pinceau lip brush @mayowanicholas beautiful hair starts with a good diagnostic. since 1964, kérastase has applied the powerful principle of proper diagnosis to luxury hair care. around the year of 1965, kératest was created as the first hair diagnostic tool in the world. it allowed hairdressers to determine the hair needs of each client and recommend the most adapted hair care treatment for each of them. the approach was a game changer then, and it remains a crucial part of our hair methodology. we believe hair evaluation is even more relevant in the modern world. our fast-paced lives and varied environments bring constant changes to the hair. the only way to keep up is to check in regularly and tune in to what the hair needs. the kérastase’s innovative team proudly presents a new sophisticated and more precise kérastase hair diagnostic. the process will take you through a fun and satisfying experience where you can easily log your hair concerns and current condition, as well as information about your lifestyle, hair care habits and desires. the results can be completely hair-changing! don’t waste any more time and click on the link in bio to be on your way to your with your perfect recommended at-home beauty routine! https:www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool creamy, crave-worthy lips are yours in one chromatic cherry swipe. indulge in our edition le marc lip crème in maraschino-red shade oh miley! lips to kiss! with our lip jewels you can easily create a stunning eyecatcher on your lips. products shown: lip jewel n°36 summer lights lip jewel n°18 pink positive lip jewel n°30 showgirl lip jewel n°24 purple stars @junshison0305 is wearing dior lip maximizer for shiny and plumpy lips. try it out! dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold dior lip maximizer 104 rose gold dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold @mayagalore shares the most perfect color palette for friendsgiving festivities. see below for her full list of products to recreate at home. brow master sculpting pencil maya's shade is coffee bounce blur eyeshadow palette in dusk bareskin complete coverage serum concealer maya's shade is dark to deep original loose mineral foundation maya's shade is golden dark 25 strength length serum-infused mascara gen nude blush in you had me at merlot mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick in purpose don't forget to treat yo' e.l.f. this holiday season... you deserve it our treat yo' e.l.f. skincare set includes superclarify cleanser, supertone toner, superhydrate moisturizer and brightening sheet mask for the ultimate ingredient-packed skincare routine that revives dull and uneven skin tones get yours on elfcosmetics.com or @targetstyle online and in stores! global beauty director, elyse has all the tips on how to get perfect lashes every time with our better than sex mascara! get yours via ig checkout @sephora. red-lips-only thursday redefine your look today with velvety matte lips in a deep warm red. in a few simple steps, hydrate and get lasting colour. the result is moisturised lips with a matte effect. get the lips: hydra beauty baume nourrissant lèvres le crayon lèvres n°188 brun carmin rouge allure velvet extrême n°130 rouge obscur pinceau lip brush @mayowanicholas “what’s this? what’s this?” the revolution disney nightmare before christmas highlighters is available in 2 shades and will leave you with a moon-lit glow misfit love a gold and bronze highlighter suitable for warm undertones⁣ moonlight, mischief madness a peachy pink highlighter with a pearlescent hue to flatter cool undertones.⁣ both shades are embossed with the pumpkin from the film 8 hours of sleep in a tube the hydrating wonder skin primer instantly refreshes tired skin and is the go-to product when starting your day!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty sales in november! with the code wonder you will get a wonder skin primer for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 the shimmering skin perfector pressed highlighter mini celebration ornament is our best-selling highlighter in a giftable, prismatic ornament that looks so good, you don’t even have to wrap it. featuring: champagne pop, our bestselling shade, a soft golden highlighter with pinky-peach pearl. shop the gift of the week. get ready with @monakattan using our new gold obsessions palette repost @monakattan get ready with me featuring our brand new @hudabeautyshop gold obsessions eyeshadow palette!! do you guys remember this look from a few months ago?! have been wearing this palette in secret! it is definitely a cult-worthy gold eyeshadow palette, perfect for the holiday season i can’t wait for you to try it! available exclusively available on @cultbeauty product details @wishfulskin honey balm jelly moisturizer⁣ in banana bread⁣ in samantha in bombshell validated by derms have you tried the new revitalift derm intensives 3.5 pure glycolic acid cleanser? its formula with glycolic acid and aloe vera has been thoroughly validated by an independent advisory board of dermatologists through comprehensive ingredient screening for efficacy, safety, and tolerance and a thorough review of test protocol and results. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us we are mesmerized by @urooshatahirqazi's video of our new diamonds ice please, lipstick in 'highkey' shop this limited edition lippie online at nyxcosmetics.com drop a if @rubygraham.mua's is sparking you joy now we're getting in the holiday spirit with @lianev's festive look using the collection products used: star lux shadow quad jupiter recognize star lux glitter highlighter duo star crazy star lux lip scrub sugar plum galaxy star lux lip gloss you matter star lux starlighter brush available @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com giveaway! winners have been contacted via dm we’re so excited to partner with our friends @thesill to give two lucky babes a self-care prize pack to help you get ready for the holidays! prize pack includes: a $250 @thesill gift card, i’ve got a holiday hangover set, wash the day away cleanser, good in bed serum, and a hangover 3-in-1 setting spray!⁣ how to enter:⁣ like save this post⁣ follow @thesill, @jerrodblandino, and @toofaced⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣ us only giveaway ends 1122 the winners will be contacted via dm. good luck! meet the the fresh set makeup bundle a little color, a pop of shimmer, and a swipe of gloss. these three makeup must-haves will have you playing it low-key cute on the daily. this limited set includes: wondertint cheek lip mousse in fyp jelly eye shimmer in confetti glassified tinted lip oil in extra glaze grab it for $22 $31 value on morphe.com morphe stores! friendsgiving giveaway get ready to sparkle glow from head to toe we’re giving away a $700 goodie package to two lucky winners! how to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics @shopgirlscrew like this post tag 3 bffs below for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics @shopgirlscrew! good luck! giveaway ends tomorrow, 1120, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.ly3klwk7k softly shimmering glitter particles give your skin a breathtaking crystallized sparkle! we are so in love with our crystal beauty dust n°8 precious gold. comment below if you are ready to try it. let’s get in formation talk dance and makeup w bey’s dance captain @ashleycmeverett we’ll take your word for it, @cosmopolitanuk @laucapon. we'll admit it, we're cherry-obsessed! leave a if you agree. makeup of nightmares we love seeing your nightmare before christmas photos keep tagging us!⁣ to this slayage from @makeupbybrookehill on our @madisonbeer for the @mtvema brooke used>> channel surfing palette: “jericho” and “zero” in crease stained glass” on the lid and to highlight the corner of eye “zero” for madison's liner using the angled eyeliner brush highlighter in “fairy tears” with “stained glass” from channel surfing palett channel surfing lipgloss in “jupiter” luminous setting spray to set in “seal the deal” hair by @hairbyiggy styled by @krisfe photo by @gettyimages sleep your way into healthier blonde hair! have you tried the new cicanuit yet? find out more about the day night hair care routine at www.kerastase.com @marisairiartesalon fierce frosted our limited edition diamonds ice, please lipstick are dressed in glitter for the holiday szn this high pigment color has strong color payoff, in a gorgeous satin finish ft. here is the shade 'royal clapback' volume up, babe! we have a special announcement!! we are so excited to announce that our co-founders @jerrodblandino jeremy johnson are filming a documentary about their story and how they created one of the most successful beauty brands in history! stay tuned for more info and look for it to premiere in 2021! red-lips-only thursday warm up with brick-red lips. for staying power moisturise and then shade in lips with a pencil before applying a matte lipstick on top. you decide how deep you want the colour. get the full look: les beiges water-fresh tint ombre première n°22 visone stylo yeux waterproof n°924 fervent blue le volume de chanel n°10 noir hydra beauty baume nourrissant lèvres le crayon lèvres n°188 brun carmin rouge allure velvet extrême n°130 rouge obscur pinceau lip brush product shown @mayowanicholas psa get free shipping on all orders! our poreless putty primer or instant relaxation? our best-selling primer has a smooth, velvety texture that grips your makeup for all-day wear and a flawless finish tap to shop poreless putty primer for $8 the magic of the holiday szn all wrapped up and ready to go naughty 30 color shadow palette nice 16 color shadow palette there’s snowbody like you 12 piece brush set lump of coal liquid eyeliner at the top of her her favorite scent. our pleasures favorites trio, housed in a special box by illustrator @izakzenouillustrationist, will be sure to brighten the season. tap to shop now. @ohmygeeee wears our micro brow pencil to frame this pretty monochromatic moment got a question for @haileybieber? this is your chance! submit all your pressing beauty qs in our stories and save the date for our live virtual event with the clean beauty ambassador on december 3 at 1:00pm est. happy holi-glaze! sparkle all the way with our limited-edition o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in gilty. meet blend bright 6-piece brush set by morphe @lisafrank! these synthetic eye brushes give you all the tools you need to swish and swirl your way to bold, creative bursts of color. collection includes: blush brush highlighter brush firm shadow brush pointed deluxe blender brush round blender brush tapered mini blending brush blend bright brush bag 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty @sephoracanada 12.1 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas use ultimate lip definer to line and define your lips with long-wearing colour and prep lips for ultimate lipstick love, or wear it on its own. gift yourself and your list @ultabeauty which @snitchery brow look do you love the most: megan fox, zendaya, doja cat or ariana grande?! she used our brow zings pro palette to achieve some of these looks! can we take a moment to look at this brow! @lazybonesbeauty snatches her arches using our bare with me cannabis brow setter control freak eyebrow gel micro brow pencil in 'espresso' tag a babe who loves @lisafrank’s iconic cheetah print! mua: @lipsticknick 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty @sephoracanada 12.1 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas @summerallyearrrr uses our micro brow pencil in 'espresso' to slay feathery brows sometimes a simple spotlit eye look, radiant skin and glossed lips are all you need to face the busy holiday season. @christianschild created this fuss-free look on @kristatchv using: mini in plumage eye-conic palette in cherrific, shades: extra define the wing on top outer corner juicy center lid decadent inner corner mascara recover coconut lip oil o!mega glaze in gilty our love for glitter is real get this super glam holiday look using our bite-size eyeshadow in cream sugar, liquid glitter eyeshadow in bling bling, bite-size face duo in spiced apple and ride or die lip balm in boss berry tap to shop meet the treat me sweet beauty sponge set by morphe @lisafrank! these rainbow beauty sponges in mini and full sizes are just what you need to blend out a sweet base for your gorg looks! tag a babe who needs them! collection includes: 2 full-size bubblegum beauty sponges 3 mini bubblegum beauty sponges launching 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty @sephoracanada 12.1 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas spicy like a peppermint who's ready for the @graceanne our is your secret to a perfect, microbladed look every single time! holiday glam @nabela shows us how she shakes her beauty with our advent calendar more goodies! volumizing gel matte bronzer cakeless concealer wanna know how to apply the new revitalift derm intensives pure glycolic acid cleanser? morning and evening, lather a small amount into wet hands and gently massage onto skin using a light circular motion. rinse thoroughly with warm water and pat dry. follow with your revitalift derm intensives serum and triple power spf moisturizer in the morning to protect your skin from sun exposure. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us are you also in the mood for some glam looks? with our metallic lip jewel n°40 extravagant your are best prepared for this season. swipe left to see a gorgeous lip close-up. if this isn't mask goals revolution fabric face coverings are here to keep you safe but also in style choose from 2 different sets to choose from each with 2 patterns. for the most comfortable and cute fit they also have adjustable straps team revolution beauty have theirs, do you have yours?⁣ available now £10€10.99$15⁣ discover the beauty series face forward of the latest issue of @crfashionbook shot by @brigitteniedermair. model @kimschell makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @yoannfernandez nails by @brendaabrial rouge dior 426 sensual matte happy friday my loves! just discovered this beauty! @glammakeupbyamina how gorgeous is this eye look? our artdeco beauty @novalanalove presents you our glamorous lip jewels which one would you prefer for your lips? lip jewel n°24 purple stars lip jewel n°18 pink positive lip jewel n°36 summer lights lip jewel n°30 showgirl make ‘maskne’ a thing of the past with the new @revolutionskincare maskne calming purifying lower face sheet mask available now £5€6.99$7⁣ we have created this innovative lower face sheet mask specifically to help the skin recover from the damage caused by wearing face masks and coverings. an easy-to-use solution for a new problem and it is fully biodegradable too! with willow bark extract to help prevent the appearance of blemishes and betaine and hyaluronic acid to calm and hydrate!⁣ cruelty-free vegan, and fragrance-free made in south korea the home of face masks. stunning! @sellmakasumoviq how gorgeous is her work on @rinagaashi repost @sellmakasumoviq getting into the holiday spirit @hudabeauty @hudabeautyshop naughty nude palette filthy, untamed, rough, juicy, flower power when it's friday and you're ready to get your clean glow on. drop a in the comments if your weekend plans look like this. new hydrating core lip shine is a 2-in-1 melting lip balm that comes in eight shades and adds a sheer tint of color to the lips. you'll the heart-shaped core infused with nourishing vitamin e now available for $6 on elfcosmetics.com for beauty squad loyalty members only signing up is free and easy! unwrap the yummiest set of travel size lip injection extreme lip plumpers in all of your favorite christmas scents! this set includes shades original, pumpkin spice, christmas cookie. tap to shop @sephora! it is forever flawless friday, it's all about our best selling eyeshadow palette range! black friday warm up all our eye products are up to 50 off on revolutionbeauty.com in our cyber november offers! we have picked out top 5 for you today but there are so many more to collect! forever flawless affinity allure⁣ forever flawless good vibes⁣ forever flawless flamingo⁣ forever flawless spirituality⁣ swipe to see them all!⁣ limited time only. offer ends 8am gmt sunday 22nd november welcome to the derm intensives family, pure glycolic acid cleanser! you all loved the pure hyaluronic acid serum plump skin, the pure glycolic acid serum to reduce dark spots, and the pure retinol night serum to fight deep wrinkles. the family is delighted to welcome our brand new cleanser to reveal smoother and brighter skin: the pure glycolic acid cleanser. preps skin for your favorite derm intensives serum! shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us ‘tis the season for new protect your skin with 8-hour antioxidant protection and 72-hours of hydration this season. in fact, 93 of women who tried new serum agreed it penetrates deeply into skin. tap to shop and treat yourself to our number one consumer testing on 543 women after using the product for 4 weeks drop your most used orange emoji @biancalovesmakeup91 don't forget, 40 off sitewide mega glo blushlighters are buildable, ultra-reflective and perfectly pigmented and come in 3 shades so everyone can glow as brightly as a diamond get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com in every women there is a goddess! find your personal glam look with our sparkling lip jewels from our awaken your golden goddess collection.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°36 summer lights⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°18 pink positive⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ oui, chérie, the oui mon cherry gift set is full of dew-inducing treats: a full-size coconut lip oil, mini dew drops, mini o!mega bronze and mini to complete the look. find them all in a glossy, covetable cherry bag. available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. cyber week savings is on! treat yo self to 30 off on all your faves more on nyxcosmetics.com now! plus you get free gifts with every purchase @kaushal uses the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette to get a festive, full look on her face and eyes, and finishes it with the prismatica lip gloss kit. get the look: eyes: kaushal applies hustle all over the lid, and uses refract to highlight her inner corner. face: she bronzes her cheeks glimmer, then uses hued to blush. she then adds a pearlized glow to her cheekbones with ignite liquified light highlighter in shade passion. lips: to finish the look, she applies ultimate lipstick love in rosewood and adds non-stick, multidimensional shine with faced from the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit. giveaway closed! congrats @harley1919, @cesarsvanity, @kenzie.90, @lovelyjenn21, @amina..murgic! thank you to everyone who participated! 5 lucky will win the entire collection pr box! what you'll win: @madisonbeer collection pr box @madisonbeer channel surfing artistry palette⁣ @madisonbeer lipgloss⁣ @madisonbeer shimmering highlighters @madisonbeer luminous setting spray⁣ channel surfing 6-piece eye brush set⁣ how to enter:⁣ follow @morphebrushes @madisonbeer⁣ like this post⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣ bonus entry: favorite @madisonbeer product?⁣ good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends on 112320 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 112420. friendsgiving giveaway it’s your chance to win $340 worth of products we’re picking two winners to score a major beauty nail haul! how to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics @opi like this post tag 3 bffs below for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics @opi! good luck! giveaway ends tomorrow, 1121, at 11:59pm pst. rules: bit.ly3lofibq lookin' like a snow angel the range of vegan extra clean shades in our nice 16 color shadow palette is sweet “what makes you a barebeauty?” meet member elizabeth @elizabethandreaa favorite bare product: the complexion rescue foundation stick, it gives off such beautiful coverage while hydrating my skin. best beauty tipadvice: your skin, hair, and body will never be one size fits all. we're all different and we should all embrace it. make sure to follow @elizabethandreaa when and @dragunbeauty collide we get this slayage from @ilialeya drop a to show this look some love! @ryankellymua gives us lip service w her amazing lip artistry!! you glow girl @katesbeautystation is radiant in our born this way super coverage concealer shade golden beige! we love seeing that you all have your revolution advent calendar ready not long before you get to open it tag us so we can count down with you for a chance to be featured @catiatmartins⁣ it can be hard to navigate amongst all hair products available, and you might ask yourself “how can i find my perfect matching hair care routine?” curly, straight, dry, damaged, colored or natural hair… the newest kérastase hair diagnostic will help you find your match in just 2 min. in a quick-yet thorough-process, the kérastase hair diagnostic is a fun, easy way to log your hair concerns and current condition, as well as information about your lifestyle, hair care habits and desires. at the end of the diagnosis, you will receive a comprehensive tailor-made hair care routine specifically for you! healthy hair is now one click away! discover the new kérastase hair diagnostic at https:www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool and transform your hair! the colours of chanel. white is freshness. white has always been on the spectrum of chanel’s colours. inspired by men’s sportswear, gabrielle chanel used an all-white colour palette often for her tennis outfit, beachwear and evening gown designs she believed it captured the light. “put women in white at a ball; they are all you see.” @liuwenlw brow down groom your brows to perfection with our compact brow duos ft. light dark shades to get them just how you like it @nyane let it snow, gifts for her! make every special this season when you grant all the magical wishes on her @lovegracee be like keep it juicy juicy. from @adamburrell: did it again with the collection, me love it eye-conic palette in cherrific, velvet noir major volume mascara highliner gel eye crayon in finewine”. a lil organizing moment to help us stay calm throughout the holidays take some notes as pro artist @xoivettea shares her tricks tips to her set-up share your tips below @skincarebyhyram is here to let you know what e.l.f. skincare is best for you based on your skin type his recommendations: combination skin: hydrating serum and superhydrate moisturizer oily skin: clarifying booster drops and all the feels facial oil dry skin: holy hydration! face cream fragrance free and happy hydration face cream tap to shop for amazing skin introducing prancing unis, 1 of 3 collectible covers of the morphe @lisafrank 35b palette drop a if you're getting this cover or a if you gotta have 'em all! the launch dates: forrest, prancing unis, and zoomer zorbit covers 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty online 35b forrest cover 11.24 @sephoracanada @ultabeauty in-stores 35b prancing unis cover 12.1 @prettylittlething 35b forrest cover 12.1 @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 35b forrest cover 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas absolutely a fall mood @lilfiremac uses our in shade 2.75 describe how this morphe @lisafrank look makes you feel in nothing but emojis below mua: @lipsticknick launching 11.24 on morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty it’s a family photo. everyone, say cherry! create radiant looks from lids to lips using our limited-edition collection. red or nude lips and eggnog sips lipstick has a super-creamy formula and intense color and shine– you’ll be sure to make a statement. tap to enter the at estee lauder! shades from left to right: 122 naked desire, 130 slow burn, 332 boldface, 380 complex ultimate lip definer and ultimate lipstick love make the perfect duo for long-lasting lip colour. @hernameisgeorgie said it best, “the lipstick is so pigmented and gives full coverage in just one swipe. ...this combo makes the application last forever without bleeding. georgie wears ultimate lipstick love in shade cherry. @nicolleadduci is ready for the holidays with this dazzling she slays this flawless using our limited edition holiday collection here are the deets: diamonds ice, please mega 16-pan palette shadow palette diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please on the rise liftscara diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'on the rocks' diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'that's fire' hot deal grab 50 off all 35 pans, including collabs like our morphe x @jaclynhill volume ii palette! use code 35hotties at check out on morphe.com select morphe stores! @dupethat pro tip! our @mariale amor caliente eye shadow palette includes a hot pink matte shade amorcito that is perfect for creating a gorgeous cheek flush! which juicy shade of new diamonds ice, please lip topper is your fave? from left to right: that's fire, left on read, power trip available at @ultabeauty the best e.l.f.ing gifts are available online and in stores @targetstyle @blinkbeauty products mentioned: candy drip liquid glitter set candied cheeks palette give me some sugar lip balm set haute chocolate eyes palette @lateeshamakeup completes this gorgeous glam with our limited edition diamonds ice, please highlighting palette available at @walmart become a supernova girl in our galaxy chic palette 18 baked shadows for under $13 during our pre-black friday sale now @arslannselma all the fall faves what’s the 1 product you need in your makeup bag?! paris mon amour let paris come to your home with our infaillible matte lip crayon for a high-color payoff, enhanced with a sweet caramel aroma, that lasts all day without smudging or feathering! no more tired skin! our wonder skin primer can be used alone or under makeup and provides a naturally beautiful finish. beauty sales in november! with the code wonder you will get a wonder skin primer for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 infaillible like the eiffel tower! full coverage, lasting wear, and no smudging? we know it sounds too good to be true, but our infaillible matte lip crayon is the real deal! wear your favorite shade and switch it up from a bold to everyday look with our 18 shades available. black friday warm up get up to 50 off eye products today on revolutionbeauty.com in our cyber november offer! our top picks for you! swipe to see them all⁣ soap styler⁣ ultimate eye base primers⁣ forever flawless dynamic palettes 8 to collect!⁣ false lash mink effect mascara⁣ forever flawless affinity palette⁣ head to our website to shop don't miss this offer, it doesn't last long! offer ends 8am gmt sunday 22nd november gorgeous and glowing! create your wearable glam look and don't miss to get our blush couture limited edition for instantly freshness on your face!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°870 metall espresso⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hello, hair goals. introducing the new kérataste hair diagnostic! with easy guidance and a friendly interface, you only needs 2 minutes to transform your hair. a quick series of questions captures your hair’s natural texture and current condition, as well as your lifestyle, hair care habits and hair desires. at the end of the evaluation, you will receive a tailor-made routine that you can follow at home and start your hair transformation for a more healthy beautiful lengths. this exceptional tool can be done wherever and whenever! all you need to do is pick up your smartphone and go to https:www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool you’re on your way to hair bliss! good vibes only everyone! it’s time to chill, the forever flawless chilled palette effortlessly ups your eyeshadow game!⁣ keep your eye game strong with the the lash primer enriched with cannabis sativa to help nourish the lashes and prep them for the blow out! high volume mascara get your brows on fleek with the good vibes high brow gel available in 3 shades and set your brows in place good vibes clear brow mascara gel all included in our cyber november up to 50 off eye today exclusive at revolutionbeauty.com. offer ends 8am gmt sunday 22nd november bakeup makeup with treats that smell as good as they look! what's your fave sweet treat? comment via emoji below! you are going to love our newest lip product our hydrating core lip shine is a 2-in-1 melting lip balm that comes in eight shades and adds a sheer tint of color to the lips. the heart-shaped core is infused with vitamin e for added lip nourishment sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to get early access to the $6 hydrating core lip shines drop a if you're getting the grab the @mmmmitchell haul on morphe.com $49 a $117 value stay tuned for in-stock updates! glammed out: 9h hot for hue artistry palette @plouisemakeupacademy black canvas continuous setting mist color pencil sweet tea color pencil bite me m441 pro firm blending crease brush ee27 pro round blender brush m502 round blender self-care in: prep polish lip scrub @lanolips 101 ointment multi-balm minty @patchology single flash patch eye patch @frankbod mini face scrub @banilacousa clean it zero: 3-in-1 balm travel @aerin loves december as an enchanting time to entertain and welcome friends to sit by the fire. amber musk eau de parfum bottles up this loving warmth scent the mood with this fragrant floral favorite. the cold never bothered her anyway @sosodoesmakeup makes frozen look fierce “if i could only live with two makeup products, it would be highlighter and bronzer”. we’re excited that our highlighter made must-have list in her latest @voguemagazine video. what are your two makeup must-haves? we're loving this combo of positive morning energy and a skin-strengthening clean routine, courtesy of @abbymariehardie. what are your essentials for a fresh-faced look? new drop alert whipped, smooth and includes 10 benefits any guesses? stay tuned on 11.23.20 for the full launch the power of watch how easy it is to get a microbladed look at home! @makeupbymicaylah drop which morphe x @nikitadragun shade name describes your saturday so far grab 50 off all 35 pans, including collabs like our palette use code 35hotties at check out on morphe.com select morphe stores! @trendmood1 everyone will want a bite of what you're having with mega last matte lip color, here in red velvet get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com every woman is her own goddess. do you love the look as well? make it yours. get the look: beauty box trio eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding metallic lip jewel n°40 extravagant blessing your feed with a lil holiday glam @bribri.tx slays this glitzy wearing our new diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette butter gloss in 'creme brulee' matte setting spray shop the look at @ultabeauty give the gift of glow from our morphe x @maddieziegler collection, it’s all under $25 ziegler the imagination palette $25⁣⁣⁣ lip cheek kits available in 3 shades $18⁣⁣⁣ dew bomb face gloss stick $12⁣⁣⁣ a precious glamour situation @caprichicos sure knows how to set the mood right share with a friend who loves glam them: what are your plans this weekend?⁣ us: are you struggling to find the right hair care routine? and do you find yourself, more often than not, scratching your head, feeling lost and confused looking at all the available products online or in store? say goodbye to those days and say hello to the new hair diagnostic that will get you on the right track towards your click on the link in our bio and experience this exceptional tool! a view that's worth it! currently at home and want lips that last in just one swipe? introducing infaillible matte lip crayon! its formula is both waterproof and smudgeproof, which means your lips will remain matte with a pigmented color for as long as you desire! the colours of chanel. white is freshness. chanel whites are a shimmer of light, a faultless tool, an echo to black. discover this iconic white look imagined by @luciapicaofficial and recreate it yourself. get the look: le blanc la base le blanc whitening compact foundation n°10 joues contraste n°330 rose pétillant poudre lumière n°40 white opal baume essentiel sculpting le volume n°10 noir rouge coco flash n°90 jour @liuwenlw calling all gamerswe are so excited to be partnering with @loserfruit- a superstar female gamer- to create amazing beauty, skincare, and lifestyle content for all gamers! head to our youtube channel to watch our global artist, anna and lufu team up to create a makeup look inspired by lufu's fortnite who else needs a good dose of glow? bestow a head-to-toe glow with o!mega glaze in our limited-edition peachy gold shade gilty. drop your holiday wish-list below swatches like woah these festive new omg glitter! shades are here to help you get lit even if just for the ft parties @kelloggsmarie is wearing rouge dior 849 rouge cinéma for this shot taken by @brigittenidermair for @crfashionbook. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @yoannfernandez nails by @brendaabrial rouge dior 849 rouge cinéma new drop alert she's loud and will stick to you no matter what any guesses? stay tuned on 11.23.20 for the full launch just look at that glow. @stellz.makeup perfects her skin with becca zero no pigment virtual foundation, then uses the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette and mini pressed highlighter to get a full face of colour and light instantly. three more days these 35 bold and bright shades are bursting with color to play with. from brave strokes of blue to the perfect pop of pink, it’s all here for you w the morphe @lisafrank 35b palette. launching this tuesday 1124 at 10am pst. which shade name is hitting your childhood nostalgia? 3days left till drops on morphe! are you ready?? leave a if you love @samuel.rayy's @lisafrank twist! look inspired by: @jacquilea.artistry 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty @sephoracanada 12.1 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas beauty thrills is our 3-piece mini set that’s wrapped and ready to gift! get yours today for $20 a $40 value! at @ultabeauty @sephora @macys @belk @nordstrom @hsn @qvc @saks @bloomingdales @birchbox @beautylish @urbanoutfitters @asos benefitcosmetics.com! plus, shop our beauty thrills eyes, brows face mini holiday value set directly in the instagram app now by clicking on the product tag! ready, set, glow! just one swipe of the o!mega glaze highlighter leaves you irresistibly shining. our limited-edition peachy gold shade gilty grants the perfect radiance. treat yourself, you deserve it start december off right with our limited edition advent calendar 24 day holiday countdown available at @ultabeauty drop a if you're on the icy side and a if you're on the fiery side grab 50 off all 35 pans including collabs w code 35hotties at check out on morphe.com select morphe stores! everyone needs more lip balm our give me some sugar lip balm set includes three of our ride or die lip balms in shades tough cookie, mighty mint and cheeky cherry for amazing lip hydration and a sheer wash of color tap to shop for $10 or get it @targetstyle online and in stores @makeup2themaxx euphoria vibes @beautyspark1e is shining like a star in our exclusive bh x get stonned gem set goals be sure to save this gorgeous look by @safai305 under your glam inspo folder to recreate later! she wears our born this way eye shadow palette. some of our faves are shining bright @ultabeauty take a look at our stories to follow along on our latest shopping spree pro artist @andreasantiago talks us through this classic holiday featuring our new diamonds ice, please collection here's the breakdown: diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please on the rise liftscara slide on glide on lip pencil in 'red tape' diamonds ice, please soft matte lip cream vault smiling because of these brows @patrickstarrr fills in his brows with brow microfilling pen! a very happy birthday to our best girl and muse @haileybieber. your beauty and grace are an inspiration to us. cheers to you! how-to obtain lips that last grap your favorite infallible matte lip crayon swipe! and that's all! enjoy a non-smudging result because you’re worth it. shade: 111 a little chilli with our awaken your golden goddess collection you can create plenty of glamorous looks! how do you like this shiny look? get the look: eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush eyeshadow jewel n°890 metall devine gold amazing effect mascara limited edition lip jewel n°36 summer lights our black friday offer, starts early! up to 50 off on revolutionbeauty.com starts now tap the link in out bio to shop now! shop our latest drops, our favourites and your everyday essentials don't forget to grab some gifts now, so you can relax later! exclusions apply. cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. prices listed include saving. offer ends 08:00 gmt on 30112020⁣ if you can’t go to paris, let paris come to you! enjoy the parisian feeling with our infallible matte lip crayon. enhanced with a sweet caramel aroma, this creamy lip crayon doesn’t smudge, for long-lasting, comfortable wear. thank you for the feature @voguearabia @wwd @jenniferbethweil the report @cosmetify. most importantly, thank you all sooooo much for your love support you guys are what makes us love you all so much. can't wait for 2021 for us to keep changing the industry together, as one big, beautiful beauty-obsessed family we've been listening to you guys we've got some really, really exciting things coming!! happy self care sunday my loves!!! i can't get enough of this beauty! i love watching her tutorials! @marimaria using thirst trap and yo glow. which @wishfulskin products are your fav? colours of chanel white is freshness. gabrielle chanel believed white enhanced women’s natural beauty. for this make-up look, white gleams on the eyelids and sculpts the face, softly enhanced by nude lips. get the look: le blanc la base le blanc whitening compact foundation n°10 joues contraste n°330 rose pétillant poudre lumière n°40 white opal baume essentiel sculpting le volume n°10 noir rouge coco flash n°90 jour @liuwenlw our black friday sale starts on tuesday 24th nov at 6pm gst we've got some insane deals exclusive bundles with limited quantities! put a reminder on your phone my loves, we don't want you to miss out on these savings! gorgeous shot as always my love @makeup.just.for.fun whenever i thought about @bareminerals i'd only think of makeup but their skin care is chefs kiss heaven like. psa courtesy of @tiffbytiffany. our heaven-like skincare is available @ultabeauty and @macys 40 off sitewide ends today pop over to wetnwildbeauty.com and use code: fall40 to stock up on all your makeup needs omg these khaki transformations by the talented @makeupsang are insane!! so so gorg! ft. @anthia.mo, @elianaguam, @baeryl, @itssangtime treat yourself or a friend to our nighttime experts beauty sleep set filled with our to help you wake up glowing! is this set at the top of your leave a below if so! the best christmas gifts are makeup! drop a below if you would love to find one of these in your stocking this year! head over to @meccamaxima and stock up on all your christmas faves! fighting off the monday blues with a lil' nail inspo the revolution nail polish in red and navy looks fabulous on @itsmeemx stiletto nails!⁣ which one would you prefer or unblended makeup? never heard of it. pointed powder brush: the tapered point of this brush easily sweeps on powder, perfect for highlighting, defining, sculpting and contouring ultimate blending brush: large dome-shaped brush with densely packed bristles that can get in and around the crevices and contours of your face for seamless, even coverage tap to shop these can't-live-without brushes for $6 it's all in the eyes @nikkifrenchmakeup stuns in our waterproof power pencil drop a if @kreepyyy is a berry dream mood are you also longing for some colorful shades for your lips? you definitely have to try our metallic lip jewel n°48 glamorous red. delight in dewy, sunkissed skin, supple-soft lips and dramatic lashes. the oui mon cherry set has the best of the bunch in a glossy cherry bag—perfect to gift or to keep. find it at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. new drop alert through thick or thin, she's here to snatch any guesses? stay tuned on 11.23.20 for the full launch how many products are in your makeup collection right now?! a.<5 b. 6-10 c. @gabrielle.shoots vote for your favorite swatch on @cocoaswatches astro glimmer solar halo flare last day to grab 50 off all 35 pans including collabs w code 35hotties at check out on morphe.com select morphe stores! living for this full glam by @mariaa.elenaa here's what she used to get the look: micro brow pencil in 'espresso' epic ink liner 'black' glitter goals liquid liner in 'diamond dust' bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer bare with me tinted skin veil soft matte lip cream 'milan' pov: you're chillin' minding your own business in your room and aliens arrive...wyd? @ericaswn been spending more time in front of your screen? us too. protect yourself against the aging effects of blue light with complexion rescue defense veil. dry lips? not today. our hangover pillow balm is a hydrating nourishing lip treatment that leaves your lips looking smooth, soft, and plumped with moisture! the two for you mini becca lipstick duo features two shades of ultimate lipstick love mini at an unbeatable value. switch up your look throughout the day, or keep one and gift the other to a friend. shades included: petal cool rosebud hibiscus cool bright plum shop this @ultabeauty exclusive online and in-stores. colours of chanel white is freshness. le blanc la base is a brightening and protecting makeup base with an spf of 40 and is infused with ume flower oil to deeply hydrate leaving a more balanced, even and luminous skin tone. “pivot! pivot! pivot! pivot! pivot!” set your alarms, we have the best friendsgiving present for you this week! friends x revolution series 1 is going to be restocked at revolutionbeauty.com on thursday 26th november at 12pm gmt7am est4am pst tag a friend so they don't miss out wanna put some color on your home-office life? say no more just swipe! our infallible matte lip crayon is available in 18 non-smudging matte shades. you will get full coverage and lasting wear in just one swipe as it features an ergonomic mechanical tip for easy application. which one is your favorite? tell us in the comments! shade: 110 caramel rebel your hair needs the extra nourishment during the winter season and what better way to care for your lengths than with an overnight sérum? just like skin, hair suffers from aggressions throughout the day, and having a nighttime gesture with an overnight serum offers a perfect opportunity for revitalisation and nourishment. but do you know what is the best sérum for your hair needs? the 8h magic night sérum beauty formula treats all intensities of dry hair for brunettes, gingers, all hair colors for a long lasting nourishment! enriched with 5 nutrients blend and iris root to wake up to a soft and fluid hair! kérastase newest blond absolu cicanuit sérum, formulated with the highest hyaluronic acid concentration, recovers and hydrates all types of blonde hair. find out which night sérum is right for your hair type by doing the online diagnosis at https:www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool or by visiting the nearest kérastase salon. holiday glam never looked so fresh. eye-conic palette in cherrific features four fashion finishes–sparkling silk, matte velvet, metallic lamé, and shimmering satin–so you can style looks for any season. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye @tooleybeauty slays the perfect holiday lippie wearing our soft matte lip cream in 'prague' we took sheer, tinted lip balm and made it even better with a heart-shaped core of lip-loving ingredients new hydrating core lip shine is a sheer, tinted 2-in-1 lip balm with a hydrating core infused with vitamin e to nourish the lips shade featured: cheery available exclusively for beauty squad members now on elfcosmetics.com colours of chanel white is freshness celebrate chanel's iconic colours with five different looks. more on @chanel.beauty stocking stunners treat yourself bright w minis and goodies from these iconic brands morphe: @iconic.london prep-set-glow in gold $29 @grandecosmetics 2-step lash system $22 @grandecosmetics travel size hydrating lip plumper $14 @invisibobble better than lametta original duo cracker $14 @nablacosmetics viper lip plumber $20 new drop alert your bar of soap could never any guesses? stay tuned on 11.23.20 for the full launch feeling extra sweet this holiday? our eye-conic palette in cherrific will leave your stocking overstuffed with lush, ripe reds and rare neutrals that cover your lids in lasting color. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. your brows could look this good, too get a naturally fluffy, defined effect with brow microfilling pen our custom 3-prong tip creates realistic hair strokes in seconds! drop a if you are shook from @azinagrey re-creation of @jamescharles'@vogueportugal cover! get your holiday wing on point quick with our true black, quick-drying, waterproof and vegan lump of coal liquid eyeliner hi pigment!! live out your iciest fantasy with our limited edition diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'diamond delirious' vote boss mood or hot spot artistry palette last day to grab 50 off all 35 pans including collabs w code 35hotties at check out on morphe.com select morphe stores! @biancabeatz5150 be your own santa and gift yourself our sweet spicy cinnamon bear makeup set! it includes an eye shadow blush palette, a melted matte lipstick in shade cinnamon bear, and a limited edition cinnamon bear makeup bag! available @sephora. check out refract, the iridescent topper in the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. this unique, prismatic shade was created with a sheer base and eye-catching reflective pearl that can be layered on top of any other shade to add a prismatic effect to the face and eyes. pro artist @beccalynzmua wears our limited edition holiday collection to slay this magical here are the deets: diamonds and ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please epic ink liner glitter goals liquid liner in 'quartzy' epic wear liner stick in 'pink spirit' butter gloss in 'angel food cake' a kit of all your e.l.f. favs our best of e.l.f. kit includes a total face sponge, poreless putty primer, lip plumping gloss in champagne glam and jelly highlighter in bubbly for the ultimate e.l.f. makeup look tap to shop the $20 kit a $25 value! bring on the points! through 1123, earn 4x the beauty insider points on your mascara purchase at sephora.com! @sephora @gabrielle.shoots this look is one for the books! @sharifaeasmin shapes defines her with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black! glowy, sparkling and shiny perfectly describes our new collection awaken your golden goddess. have a look at the sparkling get the look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust eyeshadow jewel n°870 metal espresso eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold eyeliner high precision liquid liner n°1 amazing effect mascara limited edition blush couture limited edition lipliner n°148 just coffee lipliner n°140 anise lip jewel n°36 summer lights crystal beauty dust image credits: @natascha.lindemann sound on full asmr advent calendar drop your last used emoji mine was nails by @so.dubai do you want to create a glamorous makeup look? watch @tscherajna and her tutorial! so many ways to feel your golden goddess! one for the glam lovers up to 50 off precious glamour and other collections on revolutionbeauty.com as part of our black friday offer!⁣ @bigb00tybeauty love her!! @sonjdradeluxe thanks for your amazing review beautiful! check out her youtube channel for her full review my loves! wow! goals! repost @glambyramsha @makeupchar 2 full size mascaras in 1 what if we told you, you’re only one click away from your dream hair? presenting the new hair diagnostic to help you find the routine that will answer all of your hair’s needs and desires. all you need to do is click on the link in our bio and be on your way to receive the perfect tailor-made hair care routine that you’ve been waiting for! go browsing. create the look with le lift crème yeux, palette sourcils brow wax and brow powder duo, le gel sourcils eyebrow gel and le volume stretch de chanel mascara. step 1. apply a few dots of le lift crème yeux to the eye contour and lightly tap in with finger. step 2. with the angled brush of palette sourcils, apply the coloured wax in short upward strokes along your brow line. step 3. using the same palette, apply the powder over the wax strokes filling in your natural brow shape. step 4. apply le gel sourcils over your brows to add depth and keep the hairs in place. step 5. coat top and bottom lashes with le volume stretch de chanel mascara. get the eyes: le lift crème yeux palette sourcils n°01 light le gel sourcils n°360 blond le volume stretch de chanel n°10 noir @lucangillespie giveaway alert! this entire give good, do good holiday bundle could be yours tomorrow! we're picking 1 lucky winner to get all of these clean beauty sets. here's how to enter: 1. follow @bareminerals. 2. like this post. 3. tag a friend in the comments. each separate comment is an entry! bonus: share the post to stories for an additional chance to win. no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends november 24, 2020 at 11:59 pm et. see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: https:bit.ly370ddb9. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. layer on velvet matte and sparkling silk shades for smoked-out wings with the limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra flash 'em with that smile and they won't know what hit 'em! pictured: mega last matte lip color in cherry bomb get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com looking for the most unexpected gift of the season for anyone on your list? zero no pigment virtual foundation is a makeup and skincare hybrid that perfects the appearance of skin and hydrates all day. shop the becca zero no pigment collection at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @ultabeauty, and beccacosmetics.com. meet the members of our putty family putty blush putty eye primer matte putty primer poreless putty primer luminous putty primer putty primer trio get free shipping on all orders. tap to shop the putty family keep it floral, keep it fresh limited edition beautiful absolu is a modern, elegant interpretation of the original beautiful tap to shop and add something beautiful to your day! the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation superfruit mask duo for super healthy skin. this antioxidant-rich gift set features 2 vegan face masks with naturally derived superfruit extracts for healthy, nourished skin this holiday season. grab a few for your friends and one for yourself at @nordstrom @ultabeauty and @macys. the perfect present our get your chic on eyes, lips face holiday set is now available for $50 a $108 value exclusively at @ultabeauty! set includes: full-size face primer full-size matte bronzer full-size mascara new early exclusive full-size california kissin’ colorbalm moisturizing lip balm in pink quartz completely mesmerized by @carinachatel's lip swatch she uses our lip injection maximum plump to give her pout that extra punch. would you just look at the size of the revolution 196 colour palette these buttery soft pigments will have your eyes popping throughout the holiday season. featuring a mix of blue, brown, pink, green and purple shimmer and matte shades, you will have a colour for every festive occasion.⁣ cruelty-free and vegan as always @mubymelikaa go browsing. full brows, lush lashes and pink lips make for a fresh naturally bold look. brows groomed with palette sourcils and le gel sourcils are paired with lashes coated in le volume stretch de chanel mascara to create an eye-opening effect. the lids are kept bare and the bold brows are balanced with plush pink lips dressed in rouge allure ink in euphorie. get the full look: le lift crème yeux palette sourcils n°01 light le gel sourcils n°360 blond le volume stretch de chanel n°10 noir les beiges water-fresh tint light baume essentiel transparent rouge allure ink n°170 euphorie @lucangillespie @kimschell is wearing rouge dior 643 stand out for this shot taken by @brigitteniedermair for @crfashionbook. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @yoannfernandez nails by @brendaabrial rouge dior 643 stand out show us your golden goddess! what do you think about this beautiful eye makeup? swipe left to get inspired of matching perfect glam lips. get the look: eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow jewel n°860 metal auburn eyeshadow n°531 matt brick eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca high precision liquid liner n°01 black amazing effect mascara limited edition metallic lip jewel n°48 glamorous red image credits: @natascha.lindemann every year, celebrates ten women who have selflessly committed themselves to enriching the lives of others. this thanksgiving eve, tune in to @nbc at 8 pm etpt, to meet these extraordinary women and hear their stories. then visit womenofworth.com to cast your vote to help name this year’s national honoree, who will receive an additional $25k for her charitable cause. voting closes nov. 27 at 11:59 pm et. ——over—- the winners were contacted by dm it’s giveaway time! we know how unexpected this year turned out to be, and we would like to thank you all for the love you keep showing us each passing day and your endless support! we are beyond grateful to have such an amazing kérastase club community and this holiday season we want to give some love back by gifting 2 kérastase full routines. here’s how to enter 1. you must follow @kerastaseofficial 2. tag 2 of your friends 3. comment down below which range you would love to get this holiday season genesis, blond absolu, elixir ultime and chronologiste. the giveaway closes on thursday 2611 at 6pm central european time. the 2 winners will be selected at random and notified via dm on the 27th. check the full official rules on link in our bio. good luck! new drop alert introducing our marshmellow smoothing primer $17 usd this vegan formula primer is infused with smoothing marshmallow root extract that includes 10 makeup extending benefits! pro tip: use our marshmellow blender sponge to blend for the smoothest application launching 126 on nyxcosmetics.com click the link in bio to pre-order score 50 off our internet-breaking collabs, including singersongwriter @madisonbeer's entire collection! grab it all on morphe.com select morphe stores! go browsing. get an eye-opening look with just a few beauty and brow essentials. get the essentials: le lift crème yeux palette sourcils n°01 light le gel sourcils n°360 blond le volume stretch de chanel n°10 noir this wednesday at 8 pm etpt, join us as we celebrate ten exceptional women who never give up and always give back, in our very first special on @nbc. streaming will be available to u.s. audiences through nbcuniversal’s streaming service, @peacocktv beginning thanksgiving day. in 2020, women of worth celebrates 15 years and 150 women in the u.s. visit womenofworth.com to learn more and vote for one woman to receive an additional $25k for her charitable cause. voting closes nov. 27 at 11:59 pt et. vote rn grab 2 for $20 $24 value on all our 9 pans! use code: doubleup on morphe.com! pink friday is on, babe we're celebrating all week long with 30 off site-wide free us shipping! head over to toofaced.com to shop the sale of the year! here's the tea on our new marshmellow smoothing primer smoothes softens extends makeup hydrates soothes evens tone minimizes texture blurs lines soft focus finish keeps makeup looking fresh pre-order today at nyxcosmetics.com and try it for yourself launched today how cute are these?! @revolutionskincare have launched today 4 new skincare headbands and you could win one! giveaway which one do you want? tag a friend and drop an emoji or in the comments and we will select one of you to win 2 headbands for you and your friend!⁣ holographic headband⁣ pretty pink bow headband⁣ bouncy bunny ears headband⁣ leopard print headband⁣ keep your hair out of the way or just make it part of your look doing skincare with style. all elasticated so one size fits all available now £56.99$7 hint hint, they are also included in our early black friday offer tcs:⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 11pm gmt on wednesday 25th november 2020. one winner will be chosen at random by the revolution team. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 24 hours of the giveaway closing. the winner will receive 2 of the new skincare headbands. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram.⁣⁣ wakeup call get your pick-me-up this with our weekend vibes lip gloss duo in shade espresso shot drop a if @kristinaxmakeup's look has you in a fall mood for a limited-time grab 50 collection rn on morphe.com morphe stores! it's the marshmellow effect pro artist @muamartini applies our new marshmellow smoothing primer to slay a super soft soothed base she's silicone free, vegan and has 10 makeup extending benefits! pre-order yours today at nyxcosmetics.com drape your eyes in creamy neutrals and delectable cherry hues this holiday season. our eye-conic palette in cherrific features seven lush eyeshadows in four finishes: sparkling silk, matte velvet, metallic lamé, and shimmering satin. everyday brow slay @kikiwithkeian started off 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel, defined with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil in shades 3 6, then finished the look with brow microfilling pen to add extra dimension! you can never have enough lip gloss our candy coated lip set includes two shades of our lip lacquers clear and fantasy and two shades of our lip plumping gloss mauve glitz and mocha twist to complete your gloss collection shop online and in @targetstyle stores for only $10 new drop alert introducing our shine loud high shine lip color $11.50 usd meet our 1st ultra-pigmented lip color with up to 16 hour no transfer wear this vegan formula delivers one-swipe loud color with an ultra-glossy, non-sticky shine finish available in 24 gorgeous shades launching 126 on nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty serve ravishing, radiant looks this holiday season. dramatic eyes or a bold lip? leave a below if you love playing up the eyes or leave a if you love a bold lip. artistry by: @morganemartini models: @madamealexandra, @justjenaye who else is dealing with maskne? we've got solutions for every skin type. head to stories for our recommendations. big news: get your hands on the glow to go kit exclusively at @macys. a travel-friendly trio of becca best-sellers including: travel-size backlight priming filter mini pressed highlighter in our best-selling shade champagne pop ultimate lipstick love mini in orchid, a cool, pinky-plum. vote if you could only wear one type of print for the rest of your life what would it be: cheetah rainbows unicorns mua: @lipsticknick model: @glambby 11.24 morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty @sephoracanada 12.1 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl 12.8 @theofficialselfridges @officialbrownthomas cherry-pop your pout in pure pigment with our limited-edition, longwearing le marc lip crème in oh miley! beauty thrills is a mini beauty slam dunk now available at @sephora for $20! set includes minis of our: primer volumizing brow gel mascara it's the one swipe pigment for me our new shine loud high shine lip color didn't come to play this dual-sided lippie has you covered with bold color a glossy finish! first swipe on transfer-proof pigment, then top your lippie with ultra-glossy, non-sticky shine which team are you on: gloss or matte? 1 day left our drops tomorrow! tell us what was your favorite memory about @lisafrank growing up? the launch dates: 11.24 10am pst morphe.com morphe stores @ultabeauty @sephoracanada @theofficialselfridges 12.8 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @bootsuk @feelunique @cloud10beauty @officialbrownthomas @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @arnottsdublin give the gift of voluptuous volume, shamelessly thick lashes, sexy plump lips! these ornaments are a perfect stocking stuffer that doubles as a gift tag! a shade for every occasion! check out our high-shine and matte lip colors when you need the perfect lipstick get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com go ahead and amp up that festive beat with a sultry red lip glitter on top mistletoe kisses cashmere cream lip trio $15 $24 value ho ho holidays: omg glitter! $12 @graceanne what's your favorite holiday treat hot coco candy cane cookies @mirandablake41 this of our new shine loud high shine lip color has us mesmerized pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry applies the shade 'goal crusher' to slay this high-shine lippie blue wing easy holiday glam that is sure to impress to get the look, apply a thin line of our retractable eyeliner in navy and use our precision dual-sided eyebrow brush with the shade drip drip in the earth ocean eyeshadow palette to intensify the color. add our liquid glitter eyeshadow in ocean eyes for a pop of sparkle tap to shop! selfie game on point @iluvsarahii completes her look with brow microfilling pen! best-in-class makeup for your best look we’re proud to share that our radiant concealer is @cewinsider’s 2020 face product prestige winner with 12-hour wear, medium-to-full coverage, and radiant finish, cew’s top pick is sure to be yours too. tap to shop our winner! stunning lips is all you need! our lip jewel n°30 showgirl brings the perfect glamorous red lips. comment below if you like to try this shade. recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°860 metal auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°531 matt brick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing effect mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°35 oriental red blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°30 showgirl image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ on wednesday, we are thrilled to share that our will take on their biggest stage yet: primetime television. tune in to @nbc at 8 pm etpt, to meet these incredible women, and be inspired by their stories of resilience, courage and personal triumph. you won’t want to miss it. visit womenofworth.com to learn more and vote for one woman to receive an additional $25k for her charitable cause. voting closes nov. 27 at 11:59 pt et. regram glamour all over! @basmabada creates her golden goddess look with our awaken your golden goddess collection. love her so much!! @maryamnyc sooo happy you love foundation stick and that it's the one for you beautiful! tick tock your favourite forever flawless allure palette and the other palettes in this collection are now up to 50 off on revolutionbeauty.com you really don't want to miss out on this one! tap the link in bio now @shailajal color neutral and nourishing! our eyeshadow base is the perfect starter before starting your makeup look. the eyeshadow is being applied easier, distributed better and lasts longer. doesn't it sound convincing?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the holidays are just around the corner and you want your hair to look its best. good news, now you can have it in 2 minutes. with the new hair diagnostic find your personalized care routine to make your hair’s dream come true. discover this exceptional tool at www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool and for those who have done the hair diagnostic, if your recommended routine is genesis and you want to know more about the range, we have good news tune in today at 7pm western european time for a live qa with @lookfantastic and explore the range! our biggest sale of the year is here!! we don't discount our products that often but this year has been crazy we really want you guys to treat yourselves, you deserve it i'm sooo excited to announce is happening right now with up to 50 off along with some exclusive essential bundles with huge savings. swipe to check them out my loves shop now on hudabeauty.com click on the link in bio to shop now my loves, there are limited quantities! want repair at your fingertips? try eye supercharged complex! @jocelynbiga’s pro tip: just tap three small dabs under the eye in the am pm to clean skin around your eye area to brighten dark circles in just 3 weeks! and fight the visible effects of blue light at night. plus: immediately after use, 90 of women said their eye area is left looking healthy and energized shop jocelyn’s top pick: https:estee.cm3lxlyhy⁣ after just 1 week 97 of women said their eye area is left feeling soft and supple after 4 weeks, 91 of women said lines around eyes appeared softened consumer testing on 258 women after using product for 4 weeks. you have voted this is our winner! in our black week sale november 23 november 26, 2020 you will get a galaxy eye powder n°20 gold dust for free for every order in our online shop. all you have to do is to fill in the code community. minimum order value is 35 glowing and gorgeous! @araizamakeup using mega glo blushlighter in flash me and i met someone get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com power up the hydration. hydra-light plumping lip balm is powered by hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture. grab it at a special price for a limited time as a part of the @ultabeauty $10 deals from 1124-1128. wow! rose gold remastered is 50 off on hudabeauty.com who’s adding it to their black friday cart? repost @sellmakasumoviq @theplasticboy @glammakeupbyamina @aani @lepetitbeirut @shemmibeauty we’re falling for these products your lips will thank you. our new hydrating core lip shine is infused with vitamin e to help nourish and moisturize your lips. this 2-in-1 melting lip balm is available in 8 shades for $6. tap to shop pores don't stand a chance with this duo pair our primed poreless primer and face powder for skin so smooth, it's unreal! available @sephoracanada. shine bright! thanks to our awaken your golden goddess collection for this stunning look!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ metallic lip jewel n°40 extravagant⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wow, this look! swipe to see how @shirazisanam got this glam look and double tap if you love it as much as we do we are definitely going to double tap ourselves! from providing free medical care to america’s largest immigrant population to making prosthetics accessible to young people, this year’s are doing beautiful things for their communities. meet these extraordinary women by tuning in to our very first primetime special tomorrow, 1125 8 pm etpt on @nbc. visit womenofworth.com to learn more. is it just us or is @bellepaulinee glowing? good news is she's sharing her full skin-strengthening routine featuring the new skinlongevity long life herb collection. new drop alert introducing our brow glue instant brow styler $8.00 usd our glue-like gel is transparent, flake-resistant and dries down to a non-sticky, natural finish that holds up to 16 hours oh! and did we mention she’s launching 126 on nyxcosmetics.com or click the link in our bio to pre-order under eye brightening corrector is the best-kept secret for faking a full night’s sleep for all of our around-the-clock heroes we see you new parents, doctors, and essential workers. backlight technology infuses peach- and apricot-toned colour correctors with light-reflecting illuminators that deflect light away from dark circles under the eyes. drop a if you're grabbing the collection rn! mua: @lipsticknick model: @tijerarayemua the morphe lisa frank is now available! find all 3 collectible covers on morphe.com select morphe stores and @ultabeauty online! 35b forrest covers also available now at @sephoracanada @theofficialselfridges @ultabeauty in stores more launch dates: 35b prancing unis cover 12.8 @prettylittlething 35b forrest cover 12.8 @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @officialbrownthomas @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @arnottsdublin the morphe lisa frank is now available! find all 3 collectible covers on morphe.com select morphe stores and @ultabeauty online! 35b forrest covers also available now at @sephoracanada @theofficialselfridges @ultabeauty in stores drop a of the cover you're getting or a if you’re collecting them all! prancing unis forrest zoomer zorbit more launch dates: 12.8 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @officialbrownthomas @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @arnottsdublin are you ready to finally discover the magical universe of @lisafrank, the queen of all things bold and bright! mua: @lipsticknick models: @tijerarayemua @glambby the morphe lisa frank is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! stick it to your brows! our new brow glue instant brow styler does it all transparent flake-resistant non-sticky formula pre-order today at nyxcosmetics.com tomorrow on @nbc at 8 pm etpt, l'oréal paris celebrates 15 years amplifying worthy causes led by women in its very first broadcast special. don't forget to tune in and get inspired! visit womenofworth.com to learn more and vote for one woman to receive an additional $25k for her charitable cause. voting closes nov. 27 at 11:59 pt et. on stressed out skin with intense reset concentrate! it reduces the look of irritation and redness in just one hour tap to shop now. omg @sarahhashcroft soft matte glam always using born this way matte foundation. this foundation honestly stays matte all day, which for someone who always ends up shiny is a dream blinding lights how hypnotising is the revolution precious glamour illuminator hint hint you can pick up our full precious glamour collection in the black friday week up to 50 off offer have you picked up anything yet?⁣ @soybloom change your hair, change your life! find your perfect tailor-made hair care routine with the new kérastase hair diagnostic by answering a few simple questions about your hair, your lifestyle and your hair desires. get ready to achieve your www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool the best of the best all in one kit our best of e.l.f. kit includes four of our best-selling products and is currently 40 off for members of our beauty squad loyalty program 25 off for non-members! kit includes: total face sponge poreless putty primer lip plumping gloss in champagne glam jelly highlighter in bubbly tap to shop our early black friday deals it's the hold for us pro artist @xoivettea shapes her brows with our brow glue instant brow styler get the laminated brow look for just $8 usd pre-order yours today at nyxcosmetics.com let’s talk makeup and a career in radio with @idayallday!!! thanksgiving may be a little different this year, but it’s still the perfect excuse to dress up. grab all your favorites for a holiday-ready glow. colours of chanel red is passion. red has always been on the spectrum of chanel’s colours. gabrielle chanel always wore red lipstick. it was her signature look. her favorite was a custom made vivid and pure vermilion that later became “le rouge chanel”. “put on red and attack”. @liuwenlw why wait for when you can shop now for up to 75 off?! @genaaaai 25 off everything free shipping for black friday just tap on the product tags to check out directly on the ig app! join chief beauty ambassador @anniefd as she talks all things holiday sets more! highlight so bright she's gotta wear shades @megbenitez is glowing like the galaxy in our crystal zodiac- 25 color shadow highlighter palette, available only @ultabeauty new drop alert introducing our lift snatch! brow tint pen $11 usd this flexible micro-brush tip pen allows you to create thin to thick lines that actually look like hairs irl 16 hour wear, smudge-resistant and transfer-resistant launching 126 on nyxcosmetics.com click the link in bio to pre-order our 2020 have selflessly devoted their time to a variety of causes including the opioid epidemic, mental health crisis and empowering young girls in under privileged communities. meet these extraordinary women by tuning in to @nbc tonight, 1125 8 pm etpt. we can’t wait for you to hear their stories. visit womenofworth.com to learn more. every look. every skin tone. every mood. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow features a pigmented primer and twinkling topper that can be worn separately or layered for multiple looks. available in six shades. shades shown from top to bottom: laser: a deep plum primer with a violet shimmer topper refract: a sky blue primer with a rainbow shimmer topper lunar: a dusty rose primer with a pink shimmer topper golden hour: a caramel brown primer with a golden shimmer topper dusk: an olive green primer with golden shimmer topper red star: a brick red primer with a pink shimmer topper 25 off sitewide now at beccacosmetics.com no code needed. @federicamakeupart created the look of bejeweled ruby eyes using our eye-conic palette in cherrific and mascara. these brows are out here putting the fine in define @divamaker uses brow contour pro brow pencil 2 brown light on @jasminegstlm to define and contour that arch to brow perfection! grab @nablacosmetics 𝗩𝗜𝗣𝗘𝗥 𝗟𝗜𝗣 𝗣𝗟𝗨𝗠𝗣𝗘𝗥 $20 as the perfect stocking stunner gift this holiday sssssseason on morphe.com morphe stores best tips on how-to apply: apply it on bare lips if you want to achieve that iconic, long-lasting plumped flushed effect! use it as a volumizing lip mask before makeup: just leave the product on for 10 minutes, then remove the excess and proceed with your favorite lippie! as a lip topper! dab it over any other lip product, for an amazing 3d effect! @goforsimplicity get lifted with our new lift snatch! brow tint pen 16 hour wear smudge-resistant transfer-resistant stay snatched 10 shades pre-order yours at nyxcosmetics.com add a pop of christmas color to your glam with this christmas-exclusive shade of our iconic lip injection extreme, cinnamon bear! smells like cinnamon bears, too! available @sephora. give the gift of our juiciest collection yet. cherry-top the holiday cheer with these sweet limited-edition sets: oui mon cherry 4-piece set skincare sundae 4-piece set tempting trio mini eye lip set blacquer cherry 2-piece mini eye set shop our gift sets at an exclusive value at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. score 50 off our internet-breaking collabs, including the morphe x @mannymua733 glam palette! grab it on morphe.com morphe stores! pair bold red lips with radiant skin for a holiday look that shines. @justjenaye wears le marc lip crème in oh miley! and o!mega glaze in gilty. artistry by @morganemartini. full brows club today only, score our volumizing brow gel for 50 off exclusively at @sephora! @sephora just a flick of the wrist pro artist @xoivettea fills in her brows with our new lift snatch! brow tint pen for a full brow moment click the link in our bio to pre-order juicy af lips early black friday deals a match made in beauty heaven shop sheer slick lipstick in wild peach and more of your e.l.f. favorites! beauty squad members get 40 off and 25 for non-members on orders $30 tap to shop! @kianastylesmua grab 50 collection on morphe.com select morphe stores! do you want a glowing gold or a rose gold finish? rose gold glowing gold the setting sprays instantly seals in moisture, leaving your skin hydrated all day with a glowing finish and light tropical scent.⁣ made w coconut water apple extract⁣⁣! who is red-y for perfect every eye look with these crimson cuties complete with an extra af glitter bag to secure the slay available online @beautybaycom @sumintramona is absolutely stunning wearing our the porefessional face primer hoola matte bronzer! our black friday sale is on! get the gift everyone wants this year shop everything on benefitcosmetics.com for 25 off and get free shipping on all orders with code: friyay. you can also score this exclusive deal when you shop directly in the instagram app, now through 1128! our metallic lip jewel n°26 iridescent rose is the right choice to emphasize your lips for a glamorous finish. today, as part of the international day for the elimination of violence against women, confirms its determination to stand up against street harassment with @cindybruna. education is key to help you keep your head up in hard situations. get trained to the 5d’s and learn how to protect yourself. link in bio. like @camilacabello, let’s fight against street harassment by taking stand up, a training program powered by in partnership with ngo hollaback! get trained to the 5d’s on our website and spread the hand sign as part of the international day for the elimination of violence against women. link in bio. @ihollagram hi my loves!!! i’m sooo excited to let you guys know that we currently have some insane black friday offers on hudabeauty.com with up to 50 off on most of our complexion products!! now's the time to treat yourself, you deserve it! love you guys so much!!! product deets: 50 off foundation 40 off tantour, easy bake setting powder n.y.m.p.h. liquid highlighter 30 off @wishfulskin yo glow 20 off click on the link in bio to shop my loves pssst we started our black friday sale early and the 'you are the revolution' gift set is included this is an offer not to miss out on tap the link in bio to shop black friday! this set features a whopping line up of 12 exclusive products plus our new best-selling eye base and hint hint, use the unique beauty drawer box for extra home storage! incredible creamy textures and highly pigmented colors. discover our glamorous eyeshadow jewels!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box trio⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle pum pudding beauty fact: did you know that all our beauty boxes are individually fillable and refillable with your favorite artdeco eyeshadows, brow powders and blushers? we love it!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lips so sexy!! drop some if you’re loving these tutorials by @huda @sophmartine @basiabe @dentistafashionista @makeupbyaisha 20 off silk balm @wishfulskin yo glow on hudabeauty.com which eyeshadow palette is your fav? treat yourselfas mercury retrograde is currently on 40 off my loves!!! reposting these stunning looks by @cilibling @marisolbautistaa @itschrisfigueroa @katiemichaelis46 @dianamariamua @briann @beautybylida.k colours of chanel red is passion. chanel reds are bold and original. the shades have a vocabulary of their own with names such as rouge noir, pirate, and fire. discover this iconic red look imagined by @luciapicaofficial and recreate it yourself. get the look: ultra le teint foundation n°12 palette essentielle n°150 beige clair les 4 ombres n°268 candeur et expérience stylo yeux waterproof n°20 espresso le volume de chanel n°10 noir rouge allure velvet n°58 rouge vie @liuwenlw whether you’re looking to strengthen your hair, combat hair-fall, reduce split ends, boosts shine, or treat your dry and damaged hair… we have the perfect hair care routine for you! the new kérastase hair diagnosis has never been more sophisticated nor precise! discover your tailor-made hair care routine in just 2 minutes www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool get ready to make your hair dreams come true! take your makeup look to cosmic heights with our glitter highlighter duo get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @joyebenspiff gets bold colour and iridescent light for a look that's all her own using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. take advantage of sitewide savings on all of this season's must-haves and shop our gift guide for the gifts they really want. what's in your black friday cart? up to 50 off on hudabeauty.com for a limited time my loves happy shopping!! shot by the gorgeous @beautyblogshan countdown to the with the ultimate hostess, aerin lauder! ready yourself for the festive season with the warm opulence of new @aerin ambrette de noir, a rich, velvety floral that’s sure to leave you feeling elegant. cheers! our newliquid metallic eyeshadows are now available for our beauty squad loyalty program members it’s free and easy to join! liquid metallic eyeshadows are infused with metallic pearls for a shiny finish, while our existing liquid glitter eyeshadows are infused with multi-dimensional glitter for a shimmery finish. shades names top to bottom: galaxy moon supernova comet aurora little dipper meteor big dipper use the to sign up for beauty squad and get early access to these $5 beauties is @cameronwhitebeauty a thanksgiving platter? because he is serving looks he uses roller lash mascara to lift curl lashes and precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown to define those perfect brows! the to a flawless complexion with a matte finish? our 24 hour born this way matte foundation! available in 35 shades. our black friday deal has started you can get our latest foundation conceal glow and the rest of the collection now with a great saving in our up to 50 off offer on revolutionbeauty.com you can get that all round glow yourself for less if you tap the link in our bio now to shop! or if you want a different foundation finish, we have lots more to choose from! @xingxingmao1 is wearing rouge dior in shade 999 for this shot taken by @brigittenidermair for @crfashionbook. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @yoannfernandez nails by @brendaabrial rouge dior 999 @celinedion stands against street harassment with it’s hard to know what to do in a situation of street harassment. that’s why we have developed stand up, a training program in partnership with hollaback! now it’s your turn get trained to the 5d’s on our dedicated website and spread the hand sign as part of the international day for the elimination of violence against women. link in bio. @ihollagram last day to score 50 off our internet-breaking collabs, including the morphe x @maddieziegler collection! grab it on morphe.com morphe stores! get a little flashy this holiday season. shade flash from the joyful gen nude eyeshadow palette adds the perfect pop of purple to the eyes. line with velvet, add toasty to the lids, then swipe gen nude buttercream lip gloss onto lips and you're ready to shine. mua: @carlygiglio @ultabeauty meet the gold standard of lashes. have you tried lengthening curling mascara yet? now’s your chance with our sales event. starting today, take 30 off all full-priced items exclusively on marcjacobsbeauty.com. who is ready for 2021?! don't get fomo pre-order our new drop on nyxcosmetics.com now drop a if you're excited that the beloved is back w a twist that only @lisafrank could create. the morphe lisa frank is now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! @trendmood1 sweater weather's never been hotter what's your fave goodie from our collection?! @breecolter link in bio to pre-order ready for cyber week? enjoy 25 off sitewide. fill your cart now so you don’t miss our best savings of the year. look like a treat smell like one too. indulge in our richly-seductive salted caramel eye shadow palette, packed with warm, buttery neutrals. spotted we can't stop staring at this gorgeous packaging so we just had to share the love with you all! launched today! the @revolutionpro ultimate crystal palette in adorned offers a stunning edit of 16 high-performance rose gold, copper, red, oranges, glitter, matte and neutral shades and better still, it is included in our black friday deals so you could grab yourself a saving if you hit the link in our bio and grab yours now! good girls can be baddies too get in on this sweet mix of glistening shimmers smooth mattes in our nice palette the hair of your dreams sits in this bottle… don’t forget to include the 8h magic night sérum in your nighttime beauty routine before going bed tonight! enriched with iris root extract and 5 vitamins blend, this sérum deeply penetrates the fiber while you sleep to restore the balance of the hair’s nutrition levels. after your 8h of sleep your lengths are nourished, soft, with a silky touch! sweet dreams! together with @aishwaryaraibachchanarb and let’s take action to combat street harassment and help victims safely. one tactic is to “distract” pretend to be a friend, ask for the time or cause a distraction. take our free training and learn about all the 5d’s on the dedicated stand up website by with @ihollagram. link in bio. who else was mesmerized by beauty while watching if we had to choose one thing we learned from beth harmon, it’s to never settle for anything less than gold. anya wears our mascara and in gold getter for @townandcountrymag. makeup: @nathalieelenibeauty photography: @bypip hair: @carlosferraz styling: @mrfabioimmediato last day to score 50 off our internet-breaking collabs, including the morphe x @jaclynhill collection! grab it on morphe.com morphe stores! colours of chanel red is passion. gabrielle chanel always dared to push the limits. for this make-up look, from the lips to the cheeks, and the eyelids, red knows no limits. get the look: ultra le teint foundation n°12 palette essentielle n°150 beige clair les 4 ombres n°268 candeur et expérience stylo yeux waterproof n°20 espresso le volume de chanel n°10 noir rouge allure velvet n°58 rouge vie @liuwenlw alert we are treating lucky winner to be the first to get all our new spring products before anyone else, not available anywhere here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pdt on november 25, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pdt on november 30, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. guessing game: comment below with how many items you think are in the jar! @kimorablac lookin' like the dictionary definition of @lisafrank tag someone who needs the new collection in their life golden looks start with in gold getter. our luxe, liquid gel liner delivers the highest level of pigment payoff. starting today, take 30 off all full-priced items exclusively on marcjacobsbeauty.com. giveaway closed! congrats @pandah, @sabellasikes, @stylesbykyle, @mmarlenee, @macianthony! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win a $150 gift code to shop more till you drop on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: what are you thankful for this good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 113020 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 12120. get blinged out this holiday with pro artist @alexandriamariee which shade of our new liquid metallic eyeshadows are you loving the most? infused with glistening metallic pearls for a long-wearing, radiant shine shades from left to right: moon little dipper galaxy comet meteor aurora supernova big dipper available early for beauty squad loyalty members it’s free and easy to join for $5 @hkassel uses all @beccacosmetics x prismatica collection: finishing off the eyes using prismify from the face palette makeup breakdown: primed using first light priming filter. then applied skin love foundation and sunlit bronzer in capri coast. the whole face is the face palette with in glimmer and hued for a glowing blush, then glimmer, prismify, and hued used on the eyes. the lip is ultimate lipstick love in merlot and ruby topped with foiled gloss on top come through pigment our new diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palettes are just as icy as they are buttery! cop these babies online at nyxcosmetics.com @nyxcosmeticsnl she's got that twinkle in her eye @brittneyfizz is looking luscious in our take me back to brazil palette we've got matte love for @sfennous's glam she wears our born this way matte foundation shade light beige! drop a if @jamescharles artistry inspired by @harbsy is perfection! 40 off got us like shop our sale score a free gift with every purchase what are you picking up? a natural brow glow-up @yellchannel using our to define these beautiful brows! it's date night! with our crystal beauty dust n°8 precious gold your skin softly shimmers and glitters at the same time.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ today, as part of the international day for the elimination of violence against women, confirms its determination to stand up against street harassment with @cindybruna. education is key to help you keep your head up in hard situations. get trained to the 5d’s and learn how to protect yourself. link in bio. regram our glam queen @tscherajna with our 4 sparkling lip jewels sparkling lip jewel n°18 pink positive sparkling lip jewel n°30 showgirl sparkling lip jewel n°36 summer lights sparkling lip jewel n°24 purple stars what are the perfect stocking stuffers for the holidays? warm brown, mauve, electric, coral, gemstone, topaz, sapphire, ruby, emerald, amethyst smokey on 50 off on hudabeauty.com reposting these beauties @vglambeauty model @ja.l.e @xthuyle @komunikatywnie @lhidhiastanley @itsbybrandon @beautybymathu @yasminsartistry swipe through for their stunning tutorials time has to come to stand up against street harassment. join @helenmirren and in the fight: learn 5 ways to help victims on our dedicated website. everybody can be part of the solution. link in bio. @ihollagram our galaxy eye powder n°20 gold dust guarantees your eyes will give the stars a run for their money! multi-reflective glitter particles united with metallic color to create a thousand tiny sparkles on your eyelids. do you want to try it? here is a little hint to get it for free! black week sale november 23 november 26, 2020! with the code community you will get a galaxy eye powder n°20 gold dust for free for every order in our online shop this week! minimum order value is 35 liquid liner 101 with @roseandben and life liner!! the liquid formula glides smoothly and quickly dries to a black matte finish with a brush tip that delivers the perfect amount of product with ultimate precision! the best part, she's long-wearing with up to 48 hour wear. tag a liner lover below! lash transformations for the first time ever our mascara is on sale!! last chance to treat yourself get 20 off my loves. happy shopping we were on a break! but we are back! friends x revolution series 1 is back in stock happy friends-giving!⁣ hit that link in our bio to head straight to our website to shop and they are also included in our black friday offer, don't take too long limited stock on some lines! are you ready for the holidays? but most importantly, is your hair ready? make your lengths shine and glow in time for the festivities by doing our new kérastase hair diagnosis! your hair deserves the same love and care just as much as your body and skin! in one click and less than 3 minutes, get your tailor-made hair care routine to treat and sublimate your hair! www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool in honor of the international day for the elimination of violence against women, stand up against street harassment with @ajanaomiking and take a stand and get trained to the 5d’s, our free training program created in partnership with ngo hollaback! we can all be part of the solution. link in bio. @ihollagram a very on-point lip for thanksgiving. who else is wearing barepro longwear lipstick in cranberry all holiday weekend? colours of chanel red is passion. rouge allure velvet in rouge vie is a matte yet luminous lipstick that dresses lips in intense colour while creating a velvet second-skin effect. love her product pics! @thebeautyradar guys make sure to check out our complexion sale going on now! click on link in bio blended to perfection looks! which is your fav? reposting these beauties @highonlifestylee @brittneyenora @paranatka @lateeshamakeup black friday sale alert! 50 off on treat yourself and happy shopping my loves!!! happy to our e.l.f. fam tell us what you’re thankful for in the comments! a shade for every occasion p.s. shop everything on benefitcosmetics.com for 25 off and get free shipping on all orders with code: friyay. you can also score this exclusive deal when you shop directly in the instagram app, now through 1128! @rae.lenss happy thanksgiving from our too faced family to yours! we’re so grateful for all of you! share with us what you’re thankful for this year in the comments! today and every day, we are thankful for you. happy thanksgiving. happy thanksgiving, comment what you're grateful for below. the one where you wow us with your friends x revolution looks don't forget to tag us for a chance to be featured!⁣ drop a below if you love these!⁣ is on a whole other astral plane products used: star lux shadow quad jupiter recognize star lux glitter highlighter duo star crazy star lux lip scrub sugar plum galaxy star lux lip gloss you matter star lux starlighter brush photo focus foundation dewy hello halo mega glo blushlighter available @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com in the words of @soojmooj: it's time to stand our ground and use our voices collectively to combat street harassment. because you are worth it! and @ihollagram offer the 5d’s training program to victims and witnesses of street harassment willing to learn how to take action. link in bio. in the mood for sunkissed skin and lashes. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames creates this fresh look on @karenjoigny using: mascara highlighter enamored gloss stick in mocha choco-lata! we have this video of our new diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'icon living' on repeat snag this limited edition lippie online at nyxcosmetics.com everything about @thetaylorcherie’s brows is perfect she goes for precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! help. we've fallen and we can't get up which blinding new product from our limited edition diamonds ice, please collection has you starstruck? morphe babe! what's your fave dessert? tell us take 40 off all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores. @t.rinluck i'll be there for you the series 2 friends palettes the perfect present, or maybe for yourself?! swipe for more photos by @ohxmakeup which one is your favourite? hint hint: grab them whilst they are in our black friday offer open the door eyeshadow palette⁣ take a drive eyeshadow palette⁣ he's her lobster eyeshadow palette do you know how you can get 65 more nourished hair after 8h of sleep? watch as we test the nutritive power of the 8h magic night serum. it's not magic, it's just science find your hair care routine at www.kerastase.com commit with @katherinelangford and to combat street harassment. discover how to help a victim of street harassment using one of the 5d’s get trained on our dedicated stand up website and spread the hand sign as part of the international day for the elimination of violence against women. link in bio. @ihollagram stock up on your favorite mascara this take 30 off all full-priced items like and exclusively on marcjacobsbeauty.com. us, sitting at home, looking gorge af and feeling grateful for each and every one of you. happy thanksgiving babes! head to our stories, and tell us who you’re grateful for this year comment your favorite holiday treat below our what the fudge essentials kit includes everything you need for hydrated skin and e.l.f.ing amazing hair products included: daily face cleanser holy hydration! face cream hydrating coconut mist lip lacquer in clear 2 @scunci scrunchies tap to shop for $20 with free shipping on all orders! or online and in store @targetstyle @makeup2themaxx we're blinded by the bling pro artist @muamartini swatches our new limited edition diamonds ice, please lipsticks which icy shade is calling your name? drop a if @christiana.gabriele is setting your heart on fire w the take 40 off all your faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select stores. colours of chanel red is passion celebrate chanel's iconic colours with five different looks. more on @chanel.beauty @itsjolador is more sugary than that slice of pumpkin pie in truffle blush available online @ultabeauty meet your new holy grail, marshmellow smoothing primer this 10-in-1 super primer is infused with marshmallow root extract, for 10 outstanding makeup extending benefits smooth, soften, extend makeup wear for 16h, hydrate, soothe, even tone, minimize texture, blur lines, add a soft focus finish and keep makeup fresh click the link in our bio to pre-order yours today as sustainable as they are cute. you can't go wrong with these @ultabeauty exclusive sets. which ones are you grabbing for friends and family this holiday season? the finishing powder lip laquer trio, fan favorite set, and mascara, matte lip color finishing powder trio it’s the real deal our bestselling mascara is available for only $10 usually $25 exclusively at @macys through 1128! our biggest savings are happening right now on our best-sellers and must-have kits. plus, spend $75 and get a free 8-piece makeup kit, including: under eye brightening corrector in light to medium first light priming filter hydra-mist set refresh powder glow gloss in rose gold skin love blurring primer luminous blush in camellia ignite in passion holographic makeup bag create the ultimate festive eye using in orange crush, eye-conic palette in extravagance, in bigeyes!, and artistry by: @federicamakeupart. brush on a celestial look with the starlighter highlighting brush get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com drop your favorite fall emoji that reminds you of take 40 off all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select stores @ellenkern.mua inspired by @looksbyyjocelyn the soft whipped texture of our new marshmellow smoothing primer has us drooling click the link in our bio to pre-order yours today which palette are you taking home today for 40 off? palette take 40 off all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores. @makeupwithjenny @lovely.senia applies our new marshmellow smoothing primer as a hydrating base for this everyday here's the full breakdown: marshmellow smoothing primer diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette retractable eyeliner in 'white' lip lingerie in 'cashmere silk' all feather fluff volumizing gel’s brow-building microfibers amp up arches in the most natural way! @revolvebeauty @barbieferreira stays glossed up and bossed up by finishing her look with the becca cosmetics mini barbie ferriera prismatica lip gloss set. 3 mini lip glosses to add multidimensional, non-stick shine to any look. a holiyay special for $15 only at @sephora. pie poll: or comment the emoji below for your pick! 20 black week sale! from friday, november 27, 2020 till monday, november 30, 2020 you will get a 20 discount for every order in our online shop. no minimum order value.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ code: black20⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get your favorite artdeco products they're all so beautiful reposting @fabbeautyboss @annybeeutee our biggest sale of the year is ending soon my loves!! hope that you've managed to get a few things in the sale for yourself, you deserve to feel special and beautiful click link in bio to shop happy black friday! up to 50 off on revolutionbeauty.com and double points on all orders! tap the link in our bio to shop now! yes, it does include our new launches too exclusions apply. cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. prices listed include saving. offer ends 08:00 gmt on 30112020 these @wishfulskin before and afters @monakattan's snatched jawline just minutes after using chin lift glowing @fayzatoutanji's using yo glow @souhailalaghmiri's incredible transformation using rose oil what skincare product do you want us to launch next? last chance to get 20 off products my loves! love you all so much ride or die shade? drop it below luscious stunning lips by @brutavaresppf ⁣@basiabe @amykatrianne @anavassiljeva @helsinkistarr last chance to save big! click link in bio to shop every woman is a strong golden goddess! create your signature glam look with our eyeshadow jewels. are you excited to try our sparkling nuances?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing fact: our beauty boxes can be individually filled and refilled with your favorite shades! we love this magnetic system. image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ all i want for black friday is 2020 glamour! part of this year's limited edition precious glamour collection watch out for the removeable ring and better still, they are part of our black friday weekend offer so you can collect all 3 before they go limited edition alert! tap link in bio now to shop! it’s on. black friday starts now. enjoy 25 sitewide. hurry, these savings won’t last. link in bio. dress-up friday make your friday pop with a touch of colour. get the look: hydra beauty micro sérum hydra beauty micro crème vitalumiere aqua ultra-light skin perfecting makeup n°132 joues contraste n°320 rouge profond pinceau blush n°110 rouge allure ink fusion n°806 pink brown @mayowanicholas it's all about the gorgeous base!! up to 50 off on complexion? yaaass! we did that! last chance to stock up on your fav products!! click link in bio to shop swipe through to see stunning looks by @makeupbyelliee @cateyed @aprilkmakeup @makeupchar @sabahscloset @jayyglamm @almua meet member hailey @superlative.beauty favorite bare product: the new strength length mascara! i love the paddle brush and it does such a great job of lengthening and defining. best beauty tipadvice: don't feel like you have to use a product just because it's trending- everyone's skin is different, find the best products that work for you! make sure to follow @superlative.beauty your shade of flawless have you tried stay-in-place it's long-wear, mask-friendly transfer-, sweat- humidity-resistant! and stays color-true plus: it's oil-free and non-acnegenic, so you can wear with confidence! do you know how to start the weekend the right way? take the time tonight to apply the 8h magic night serum on your lengths, and watch the magical transformation of your hair saturday morning! dress-up friday bring cheer to your day with your morning beauty routine. pamper your skin and give your luminous look a pop of colour in a few simple steps. get the look: hydra beauty micro sérum hydra beauty micro crème vitalumiere aqua ultra-light skin perfecting makeup n°132 joues contraste n°320 rouge profond pinceau blush n°110 rouge allure ink fusion n°806 pink brown @mayowanicholas hurry time to save 25 sitewide. @shadesofnatalee wears the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light and lip duo @keyonnamarisha wears the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit @jocelynfelix wears the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit lip gloss kit @beautybyclh wears the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit @arymua wears the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit @lorenalori loves the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit lip gloss kit @glam.byrosh wears the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit i can't believe how much thicker and longer my lashes have gotten so far! i have been incorporating the @bareminerals strength length mascara to my everyday looks and have given my lashes a break from the falsies. i don't know the last time i was able to get away with eyeshadow and natural lashes, but this has made it so easy! @simplynyajal @sephora flavor of the week make a lasting impact with our long-wearing melted matte lipstick! shade shown: stay the night. @soolmuaz it.is.time. beauty squad loyalty program members get 40 off and non-members get 25 off on orders $30 on elfcosmetics.com plus free shipping on all orders what are you picking up? let us know in the comments sign up for beauty squad and shop black friday deals using the black friday got us feeling like... ladies and gentlemen, welcome to maison l’oréal paris! this is where all the magic will be taking place this holiday season. who wants the keys to get a sneak peek? give strength this holiday season. our strength length mascara will help everyone on your list grow stronger, longer lashes while keeping those beauty routines clean, of course. available to shop at @sephora @ultabeauty clicks add to cart on everything shop our sale and get up to 75 off now what are you buying first?! @genaaaai magical @chelsealouder show us her brow routine using brow powder in deep brown! ooh, @mariasgoldenmakeup is creating her own party with our mega glo blushlighter plus, can we talk about that lip color?! mega last high-shine in tanger-ring the alarm get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com doing my makeup like @itsbybrandon double tap if you love the new collection! @brendalandworld serves this holiday slay with the help of our new limited edition holiday collection here's the tea: can’t stop won’t stop full coverage foundation in 'true beige' diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please glitter liner vault diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please butter gloss lip trio diamonds ice, please setting spray kit our instagram live with @revolutionsally just ended did you manage to tune in? don't forget you can grab an extra 10 off with the code 'sally10' go on, hit the link in our bio and treat yourself code valid for 24 hours only! now is the time to show us your sparkling look. with our awaken your golden goddess collection you can shine with the stars! have a closer look at the sparkle lip jewel! get the look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle pudding eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush amazing effect mascara blusher n°23 deep pink blush lip jewel n°24 purple stars crystal beauty dust image credits: @natascha.lindemann taking advantage of black friday savings and stocking up on all my becca favorites. i might even grab a few gifts for my friends while i’m at it. ...maybe. @chelseasmakeup completes this sultry with our epic ink liner cop this classic for 30 off online at nyxcosmetics.com go go go grab everything morphe including collabs for 40 off this weekend only w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores. @cultbeauty dress-up friday bring some cheer to your day with a touch of colour on your lips and cheeks. get the goods: pinceau blush n°110 vitalumiere aqua ultra-light skin perfecting makeup n°132 joues contraste n°320 rouge profond rouge allure ink fusion n°806 pink brown @mayowanicholas get sorted now for christmas, so you can relax later swipe to see our 2020 gift picks for you!⁣ the other reason to shop early is so you can grab our christmas gifts in our black friday up to 50 off promotion you can see they are selling fast so hit that link in out bio to shop now! want to drop a hint for someone, feel free to tag them in the comments! it's black friday and it's never too early to start thinking about holiday gifts! this year, give the gift of perfectly nourished lengths with the 8h magic night sérum and celebrate the holiday season in the right way! www.kerastase.com @lillianlconner serves iconic liza-inspired lashes using lengthening and curling mascara. now live on our site our new liquid metallic eyeshadows are infused with glistening metallic pearls to give you one-swipe shine that is out of this world the long-wearing, gel-based liquid metallic eyeshadows come in 8 shades and are only $5! liquid metallic eyeshadows give a shiny finish, while our existing liquid glitter eyeshadows are infused with multi-dimensional glitter for a shimmery finish. don't forget to shop our e.l.f.ing amazing black friday sale with 40 off for our beauty squad loyalty program members plus free shipping on all orders tap to shop early access alert hurry babe, the countdown is on! you've got 8 hours to shop our new mini palettes on toofaced.com. which mini palette are you grabbing?⁣ let's play⁣ light my fire⁣ that's my jam⁣ kitty likes to scratch⁣ you know what to do shop our faves for 30 off at nyxcosmetics.com it's happening! tell us what you're clawing during our epic sitewide black friday sale double tap if you love the laminated brow look! @leahbainesmua achieves it on @ariarnelepine with 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel’s flexible, flake-free formula! @revolve less plastic, more clean beauty. gift more sustainably this year with our give good, do good collection. our customizable skincare and makeup gift sets are the perfect way to personalize while being kind to the planet. there's a new power couple in town slay snatched brows with our new fill define with lift snatch brow tint pent groom style with brow glue instant brow styler click the link in our bio to pre-order this black friday deal will have your lashes thanking you! get our full-size mascara for just $10 at @ultabeauty through 1128! we just can't help ourselves everything on our site is now up to 75 off make it a mod moment. elevate your lash look with lengthening and curling mascara. this take 30 off all full-price items exclusively on marcjacobsbeauty.com. @themegscahill is the definition of she slays lifted, feathery arches using our new lift snatch brow tint pen click the link in bio to pre-order liquid metallic eyeshadow in little dipper will have your eyes shining these new gel-based liquid eyeshadows are infused with glistening metallic pearls that add a smooth, super shiny look to the eyes vs. our existing liquid glitter eyeshadows that give a shimmery finish with multi-dimensional glitter tap to shop for $5 and take advantage of our black friday deals that are still happening on our site we had to do a double take w this eye 2fer from @bysssarah using the highlighter palette tell us which eye would you wear out: our left our right both take 40 off all your morphe faves this including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores @makeupjeanneish said it best: the middle white iridescent shade refract is a game changer to add and mixbe a topper with the other shades. see how jen gets multiple looks from the new becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. final hours to save 25 sitewide on beccacosmetics.com the perfect gift for all of our lippie lovers! this set includes a travel-size trio of lip injection extreme lip plumpers in original, pumpkin spice, and christmas cookie. available @sephora! @hayleylouise.xo fans, drop heart emojis in the comments to show your love grab them now all your morphe faves including collabs for 40 off w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores. pro artist @makeupbyash.a slays an instant laminated look using our new brow glue fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil pre-order our new brow glue instant brow styler today by clicking the link in our bio isn't this an amazing eyecatcher? we can't get enough of our stunning eyeshadow jewels. how about you?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ have you collected all our shimmer bomb glosses yet? load your lips up with a shimmery, sheer formulation available in 6 seriously shimmery shades! they are all included in our black friday weekend offer, tap the link in bio to collect them all! glitter perfection! with our lip jewel n°30 showgirl the night is yours! create an unforgettable glam look and awaken your golden goddess! in everything is fresh, flawless and fabulous just like our stay-in-place foundation. plus it’s mask-friendly it’s transfer-resistant and sweat- and humidity- resistant so you can attend any small holiday gatherings with confidence! take your glam from day to night while looking like serious eye candy with our cinnamon bear makeup set. this sweet spicy set includes an eyeshadow palette, a blush, and a melted matte lipstick! available @sephora! proof that fresh can be festive. this look is the definition of effortless for the holidays. grace wears gen nude matte lipcolor in bo$$, lashtopia mascara and mineral veil finishing powder. to shop this look! mua: @carlygiglio aren’t they stunning? our new liquid metallic eyeshadows are gel-based and infused with metallic pearls for a shiny finish vs. our existing liquid glitter eyeshadows that are infused with multi-dimensional glitter for a shimmery finish why we love them: quick drying one-swipe pigmented coverage long-wearing shades top to bottom: moon comet little dipper meteor galaxy big dipper supernova aurora tap to shop for $5 meet black friday weekend's most wanted all at up to 50 off! this year's limited edition precious glamour collection included in our black friday offer tap the link in our bio to shop the offers now give a little light with these two take-anywhere essentials at our best value of the year. the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light lip duo features a mini pressed highlighter and full-size hydra-light plumping lip balm to illuminate your holiday look with light-reflecting colour. at maison l’oréal paris, december is the month of surprises! are you excited to see what's coming your way? spice up your eye look with shimmering bronze hues from our eye-conic palette in glambition. top it off with a dash of in finewine and mascara. artistry by: @federicamakeupart. @nyane completes this icy, winter glam using our og epic ink liner have you tried any of our products yet? get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com feathered brows are our guilty pleasure @danessamyricks finishes this golden holiday look on @robdilore with and @shavontedill is a bad guy w good artistry skills grab everything morphe including collabs for 40 off w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores! inspired by @f.bermann @annrsb or babe @brittneyenora wears our born this way matte foundation shade caramel better than sex eyeliner to create this gorgeous look! heat up the holidays with @barbieferreira’s cool glam look using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette on the face and eyes. spend $65 and get a free best-sellers kit everything you need to complete the look, including first light priming filter, hydra-mist set refresh powder, and kabuki brush. our ultimate utopia shadow palette is comin' in hot with the pigment cop this mesmerizing palette for 30 off at nyxcosmetics.com the perfect gifts for them and up to 50 off for you we have the @iheartrevolution gifting range this year has all kinds of sweet treats all included in our black friday up to 12 price offer on revolutionbeauty.com, tap link in bio to shop swipe to see them all:⁣ the chocoholic revolution gift set half price alert⁣ cherry revolution gift set⁣ best friends break hearts gift set the perfect effortless gesture to get healthy hair for the holiday season: the 8h magic night sérum let the magic work while you sleep if you had 5 mins to grab anything in a morphe store, what would it be? double tap if you're ready to grab 40 off all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select stores @cultbeauty the ultimate fashion accessory for your eyes—eye-conic multi-finish eye palette in glambition. don't miss out on saving 30 on full-price items on marcjacobsbeauty.com. e.l.f. has gifts under $5 our bite-size eyeshadows and candy kiss lip balm duo make the perfect stocking stuffers for beauty lovers get 25 off all orders over $30 40 off for beauty squad members now! tap to shop bite-size eyeshadows $3 and the candy kiss lip balm duo $5 @annemarie slays this everday using some of our current faves shop her routine for 30 off online at nyxcosmetics.com honey dew me up primer can’t stop won’t stop foundation ultimate shadow palette in ‘warm neutrals’ matte bronzer in ‘medium’ sweet cheeks blush ‘citrine rose’ micro brow pencil in ash brown on the rise mascara butter gloss in ‘ginger snap’ cheery looks that pack a bite who's getting festive this weekend? @adelinanovak this weekend only save on all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select stores. @marinafesss is no imposter among us w this slayage palette bake set in translucent fluidity full-coverage in c0.00 in translucent in java experience velvety-rich pigment for over-the-top glamour with our eye-conic palette in glambition. find these bare and bronze hues on marcjacobsbeauty.com for 30 off. closed we're treating 3 icy beauties to our limited edition advent calendar 24 day holiday countdown here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 2:00 pm pdt on november 28, 2020 and ends at 2:00 pm pdt on november 29, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited if you could only choose one palette, which would it be? eyeshadow palette palette volume ii grab everything morphe including collabs for 40 off w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores! @espacomaquiagem @symphanisoto serves this icy glam rocking our new diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'jeweled jaded' diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'that's fire' shop the look online at nyxcosmetics.com quick, drop all the star emojis to give @julibake's starry eyed look all the love grab everything morphe including collabs for 40 off w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores! a festive reminder that some things are better than sex give the gift of mind-blowing lashes voluptuous volume with our better than sex mascara eyeliner! beam like a gift under the tree with our universally-gorgeous vegan let it glow 4 color highlighter palette available online @beautybaycom tag someone in the comments who should get you this as a gift our sugar high 7 piece brush set includes 7 cruelty-free makeup brushes in a limited edition color brushes includes: powder brush highlighting brush fluffy eye blender brush blending brush small angled brush concealer brush eyebrow duo brush tap to shop for $15 or shop online and in stores @targetstyle @makeup2themaxx our continues now score 25 off select brands like @plouisemakeupacademy more, w code omg25 on morphe.com morphe stores! pro artist @andreasantiago swatches some of the goodies from our limited edition diamonds ice, please 24 day holiday countdown calendar snag your before december 1st, exclusively at @ultabeauty nyxcosmetics.com look on the bright side… your makeup drawer can’t be messier than 2020 total smokeshow @makeupbyevva uses in shade 3 to put the finishing touch on her sultry, smoky eye look! save the date! from the 1st of december, maison l'oréal paris will have plenty of surprises awaiting you throughout the month. enjoy your stay! what floor will you be staying on? every woman has an inner golden goddess awaken yours! would you recreate this expressive glam look? we defintely would! products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box trio⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°860 metal auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°860 metal auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°531 matt brick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°524 matt dark grey mocca⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing effect mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°35 oriental red blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°30 showgirl image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ our biggest black friday deal ever ends soon! grab yourself a coffee, pretend you are at central perk let us show you our top friends x revolution picks for you this weekend that are all included in our black friday weekend offer! swipe to see our picks for you! hit the link in our bio to shop hint, hint you all know a friend that will want this too for christmas! gorgg @leclatdemini serving some stunning eye look inspo! which is your fav? 1, 2, 3, or 4? wearing: rich nude obsessions medium nude obsessions lilac pastel obsessions the one where that friends mirror is back in stock! limited stock available, you can pick it up in our black friday weekend deals for less today! don't miss out again!⁣ the iconic purple door makes for the perfect accessory for any friends fan give your dry, winter skin a surge of moisture. here’s our routine to lock in hydration on even the coldest of days. @swatieck is wearing rouge dior shade 814 rouge atelier for this shot taken by @brigittenidermair for @crfashionbook. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @yoannfernandez nails by @brendaabrial dior addict lip glow 001 pink rouge dior 814 rouge atelier such a babe @glambyasmita!! check out her page my loves, just found it i'm obsessed!! which look is your fave? 1, 2 or 3? we have extended our biggest sale of the year!! it now finishes after cyber monday tuesday 4am gst!! get up to 50 off complexion products now! click on the link in bio to treat yourself honey products from vid 1: foundation in tres leches concealer in nougat in banana bread highlighter palette in golden sands tantour in light in luna palette in interview pop quiz: ultimate lift regenerating youth or ultimate diamond creme? we love them both! if you’re looking to lift, firm and strengthen skin, we recommend our regenerating youth creme. if you wish to reawaken skin’s radiance while contouring, we recommend ultimate diamond creme. both will leave skin soft and beautiful. stunning my love @vglambeauty tag some one who would love this makeup look click on the link in bio to shop my loves! our black friday sale is extended until tuesday 4am gst monday 4pm pst products used: nude medium rich samantha lashes @francinyehlke's the gorgeous gift that keeps on giving. how stunning is she?!!! love you sooo much!! products used: concealer palette mega last high-shine in strawberry lingerie kinda makes us want matching shoes... get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com recover from the holidays with our ultimate hangover skincare set! everything is infused with hangover’s signature hydrating coconut water and skin-loving ingredients. get yours @ultabeauty! breathable, pore-blurring full coverage? yup, barepro foundation really is pick it up @ultabeauty for the perfect base to every look. @chooseyourglow @ultabeauty the stunning @makeupemalii uses our new putty primer applicator, putty primer trio and putty blush to create this stunning look other products used: 16 hr camo concealer ride or die lip balm in mighty mint tap to shop these products and more on sale on elfcosmetics.com! we do love an unboxing @leannesbeautyblog shows us what is inside the 'you are the revolution' gift set this set features a whopping line up of 12 exclusive products and would make the perfect christmas gift or maybe for yourself? our black friday offer is still on! don't miss out, tap link in bio to shop now with our new light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow, the ways to express your creativity are endless. swipe through to see some of our fave light gleam looks. @jonnyonthego wears shade refract. @greivy wears shade dusk. @foodshelterfashion wears shade golden hour @agirlwholikesthings wears shade red star @makeupemalii wears shade red star last two products you used… go! this holiday season, you can expect a bunch of daily surprises! we won't keep you waiting too long, there are only a few steps remaining... drop a if you wish you had @fryncesca's skills last day to take 40 off all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores livingggg for this metallic glam by @anya.tisdale here's how she slays this mesmerizing fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil in 'black' diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please shimmer body oil vault diamonds ice, please on the rise ornament butter gloss in 'praline' dewy setting spray tonight, i'll be your naughty girl get like @kamillegregory in our vegan extra clean stunner shadow palette which 18s palette describes your mood today 18a blue ya away 18f talkin’ flirty 18t truth or bare 18b makin’ bank last day to take 40 off all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores @cultbeauty @maquillageitup snaps a close-up of our limited edition diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'jeweled n jaded' which glitzy shade would you hit pan on first if you could wear one color for the rest of your life, what would it be? last day to take 40 off all your morphe faves including collabs w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores @aafrrin the holidays can be stressful for everyone, but this season might be even harder for those of us who are apart from our families. but it’s important to remember you’re not alone. check out our friends at @jedfoundation and @loveislouder for more mental health resources. @goodnessgracedesign tis’ the season to plump it up! gift them what they really want products scientifically proven to plump, fill lift like never before. tap to oh forever flawless allure forever flawless affinity, how we love you the perfect stocking filler, your go-to december palette, the gift for yourself? whatever the reason you don't want to miss out on these best sellers whilst they are in our up to 50 off offer for black friday on revolutionbeauty.com last day to shop is today! tap the products to shop! blonding has no limits when you have the right hair care routine to preserve the health of your hair! dare to go blonde as @emrata did this summer with a cleanse for your feed don't forget to take care of yourself, hydrate your skin and shop our deals! beauty squad loyalty program members get 40 off and non-members get 25 off on orders $30 on elfcosmetics.com plus free shipping on all orders tap to shop holy hydration! face cream blessing your feed with a lil holiday glam @laulaucstr slays this gorgeous golden using some of our faves here’s the tea: diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in ‘jaded n jeweled’ epic wear liner stick in ‘cosmic yellow’ epic wear liquid liner in ‘brown’ suede matte lip liner in ‘cold brew’ butter gloss in ‘madeline’ take us to the alps, plz major winter wonderland vibes with these cool, earthy tones from smitten in switzerland pssstt.... it’s now up to 60 off!! style your lash look with our mascara wardrobe and save 30 at checkout on marcjacobsbeauty.com. choose for major volume, or for length and definition. barbie wears a full face of becca including the becca x @barbieferreira prismatica collection. shop it now along with our other best-sellers and must-have kits at savings you'll only find during cyber week. @makeupbymeve slays this sleek using our epic ink liner who loves a good red lip? yes or no last day to grab morphe lips for 40 off more w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores. @phfashioninsta @aerin’s favorite floral fragrance for the is amber musk! reminiscent of nights by the fire, this warm, cozy scent is sure to set the mood as you ready yourself for festive fetes. when you’re a little bit country and a whole lotta of glam @vicmram warms up his complexion with matte bronzer in caramel toasted! we can only express how @k80far's artistry makes us feel in emojis only: drop all the emojis on how this @lisafrank artistry makes you feel! @hayleybui completes this sultry soft glam with our epic ink liner which metallic eyeshadow trio describes your personality: bare sizzle metallic eyeshadow trio heated, feisty, caliente midnight heat metallic eyeshadow trio moonlit, flicker, lightning hours left to grab your morphe faves for 40 off more w code fab40 on morphe.com select morphe stores. @sarakdz play up your eyes with a graphic liner look and plush brows. national artistry ambassador @haroldjames used four key products on @karenjoigny: in earthquake in dark brown mascara photography: @pierarnophoto we are shook @eman obsessed with the lip injection maximum plump one swipe of this and hello gorgeous, pouty lips. our cream-to-powder multi sticks really do it all and are currently 40 off with free shipping on elfcosmetics.com! use our monochromatic multi sticks on your eyes, lips and face for a fool-proof monochromatic look tap to shop! she’s my cherry pie @ryankellymua has us licking our lips with this delicious what type of pie is your weakness? products used: suede matte lip liner in ‘london’ liquid suede cream lipstick in ‘brooklyn thorn’ diamonds ice, please soft matte lip vault in ‘monte carlo’ ‘copenhagen’ white liquid liner after seeing this, we can all agree that red gold is the theme for the season, right?! @makeup.and.beast take me back to brazil palette dream cheek palette our blush, bronze highlight palette has everything you need all in one place! @evestyle82 thanksgiving check: we’re thankful for @christineleeee blessing our feed with this bold brow glowing skin combo what’s something you were grateful for this weekend?! comment below! we love these gorgeous lips! which one is your absolutely favorite? nr. 1, 2 or 3? image credits: @natascha.lindemann 20 black week sale! from friday, november 27, 2020 till monday, november 30, 2020 you will get a 20 discount for every order in our online shop. no minimum order value.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ code: black20⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ what will you order? let us know in the comments! tomorrow is the big day! maison l'oréal paris is opening its doors very soon! our beloved spoke @thelumagrothe will be helping us unveil some of the surprises we have for you all! get ready.... offer now ended up to 50 off double points!⁣ you asked for one more day, and we listen to our followers! our black friday weekend offer has been extended for one more day only! tap the link in our bio to shop now exclusions apply. cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. prices listed include saving. offer ends 08:00 gmt on 1st december 2020 awaken your golden goddess with our new collection. our beauty box trio limited edition is the perfect companion for your favorite artdeco eyeshadows.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ last chance to save up to 50 off with our cyber-monday sale!! now's the time to stock up treat yourself or find the perfect holiday gifts for your loved ones love you all soooo much hope you're all safe click link in bio to shop yasssssss @nicoleguerriero thank you for your amazing foundation stick review beautiful!! soo happy to know that it’s the best for you!! @diarrasamb is wearing rouge dior shade 976 daisy plum for this shot taken by @brigitteniedermair for @crfashionbook. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @yoannfernandez nails by @brendaabrial rouge dior 976 daisy plum name your fav complexion product gorgeous shot my love @hosanna1992 just like snowy days and hot cocoa️, new and go perfectly together. tap to now! warm up your complexion during the cold season and save 30 on our cult-favorite, oversized bronzer. shop o!mega bronze for on marcjacobsbeauty.com. watch to hear about our secret product cyber monday is here find the sweetest gifts for everyone on your list. give the gift of e.l.f. and get 40 all orders over $30. tap to shop oops, we did it again means up to 80 off everything.on.our.site. let's goooo for the first time ever, take 50 off ignite liquified light highlighter. ignite features a transfer- and water-resistant formula for the face and body that provides all day moisture, infused with an energizing scent. available in 5 shades for all skin tones. available at @ultabeauty and beccacosmetics.com. @haileybieber is which is why we couldn't be more proud that she credits skinlongevity long life herb serum for her flawless complexion. link in bio for the full story on why it's her skincare product. this deal is prime today only, get our face primer for 50 off exclusively at @ultabeauty! our lip injection extreme mini ornament is a gift in itself treat your bestie or yourself to sexy plump lips that last! everything you need to shine bright and look a million dollars the precious glamour 2020 collection limited edition, don't miss out it is in our cyber monday deal that ends soon! @izzyblogs omg this has to be the cutest video i’ve seen in a while! comment cute if you agree repost @insane4makeup yes please to what she’s having double tap tag a friend it's here, 25 off sitewide and free hydra-light smoothing lip scrub hydra-light plumping lip balm in shade mist with $65 purchase. 31 days, 31 surprises! rendez-vous tomorrow at maison loreal paris to discover your first set of surprises! are you ready? sparkle, sparkle, sparkle! our brandnew lip jewels are waiting for you! which glamour type are you comment below!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lipsticks shown from left to right:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°18 pink positive⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°30 showgirl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°36 summer lights extreme length, definition, and curl come together in one ultra-luxe, longwear mascara. @lillianlconner styles her eye look with beauty @mafemartino fills in her brows with brow contour pro brow pencil 5- brown-black deep defines her lashes using badgal bang! volumizing mascara! is here! don't walk but run to 40 off savings get a free gift with every purchase! your fave micro brow pencil is now only $6! only on nyxcosmetics.com our favorite monday of the year: cyber monday @blessherheartbeauty is here to share our deals and must-have gifting products that are available for you to add to your shop our gifting favorites: beautiful absolu: https:estee.cm33xqiyp pleasures eau de parfum spray: https:estee.cm39axfa2 face https:estee.cm2vjiko7 sculpting in 541 l.a. noir and 540 immortal: https:estee.cm2kobzsh pure color envy matte sculpting lipstick in 120 irrepressible and 333 persuasive: https:estee.cm3oabibj pure color envy paint-on liquid lipcolor in 300 poppy sauvage: https:estee.cm3fqxhra pure color envy color replenish lip balm: https:estee.cm33v7gld pure color envy nighttime rescue lip oil-serum: https:estee.cm3qmis2h pure color envy lip volumizer: https:estee.cm2vhhxby pure color envy lip repair potion: https:estee.cm36rlv8d oh, the makeup looks you can create with just our mega glo blushlighters! @lisaxglam used the shade flash me to make this whole glowy masterpiece get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wentwildbeauty.com 40 off for cyber monday. get our limited edition becca cosmetics shimmering skin perfector pressed highlighter own your light, a warm gold with hints of peach and pink that adds a natural, luminous glow to all skin tones. today only at @sephora and @dianalamoudi is serving us some realness. which song from ari is your all-time fave? 24 hours only save 30 on all your morphe faves yes, even collabs sale items w code cyber30 on morphe.com select morphe stores. mood cop your faves for 40 off get a free gift with every purchase! what are you adding to your cart? launch day! the ultimate jake jamie mask bundle is here! get ready to feed your face with this tempting trio of @jakejamie ’s favourite face masks from his new instagrammable @revolutionskincare collection just in time for christmas “i’m so excited to share our feed your face trilogy kit with you! this pack will leave your skin glowing and you looking like a snacc! featuring two of our best-selling face masks and a new exclusive never-before-seen product! get ready to have your skincare game revolutionised!”⁣ what’s inside swipe to see!:⁣ avocado face mask, 50ml⁣ watermelon face mask, 50ml⁣ banana face mask, 50ml exclusively available in this set only⁣ mini double-ended masking brush⁣ cruelty-free vegan £20€23.99$28 for today only is included in our cyber monday deal! what kind of are you? vote neutral cool tones warm tone hours left save 30 on all your morphe faves yes, even collabs sale items w code cyber30 on morphe.com select morphe stores. @alia.sam don't miss your chance to save 50 on hydra-mist set refresh powder, the coolest powder you've never felt exclusively on sale at @macys. made with 50 water, hydra-mist sets makeup and refreshes skin with a cooling sensation. keeping your blonde looking fresh and healthy can be quite challenging especially during the winter season. but with the help of these little purple gems, we’ve got you covered! say goodbye to yellow tones, brassiness and color fading by protecting your blonde with thanks to its ultra-hydrating formula and anti-brass agents you’ll recover your bright and illuminated blonde in no time! don’t miss the online sales that’s happening worldwide today to get your hands on the purple gems for your blonde hair! stock up on your favorite holiday lips shop our cyber monday sale and get 40 off plus get a free gift with purchase on orders $40 and enjoy free shipping on all orders tap to shop these e.l.f.ing amazing deals benefitcosmetics.com is the place to be this cyber monday! our sale just got even better—30 off everything free shipping with code: cyber30 now through 121 ps. today only, our new is on sale too! @gabrielle.shoots our sweet fix for the day look like a christmas treat with our pumpkin spice, salted caramel, gingerbread spice eye shadow palettes! trust us, they smell as good as they look. serve extra pout power in our long-wearing vegan bh liquid lipstick only $2.25 during today's sale @lisaavisage drop a for @tijerarayemua's sculpting this cut crease to per fection! today only save 30 on all your morphe faves yes, even collabs sale items w code cyber30 on morphe.com select morphe stores. actual footage of us avoiding all responsibilities spice up your monday with a lil 40 off score our ultimate utopia shadow palette for only $21 and receive a free gift with every purchase! only at nyxcosmetics.com. you're welcome while you decorate your home and light up the leave it to us to light up your complexion! with fast repair, new face and eye supercharged complex fight dullness and dryness to help tired skin get its glow back. give yourself the of gorgeous skin you deserve it! tap to shop. go for gold this shop our limited-edition gold collection for 30 off on marcjacobsbeauty.com from now through 122. discover them individually and in exclusive sets: at lash’d mascara eye-conic palette in extravagance! highliner gel eye crayon in glittersweet, top brass, pewter please, olive you, and oh my gold! drop your fave from @suvabeauty below last day to score 25 off select brands like more, w code omg25 on morphe.com morphe stores! @elissa.mefleh which butter gloss are you? @cocoaswatches swatches some of our iconic shades cop our cult-fave gloss for 40 off, only at nyxcosmetics.com 1. sorbet 2. vanilla cream pie 3. crème brûlée 4. madeleine 5. praline 6. ginger snap 7. tiramisu 8. angel food cake 9. marshmallow 10. éclair 11. strawberry cheesecake 12. summer fruit 13. red velvet 14. devils food cake looking for the perfect gift for the animal lover on your list? fall in puppy love with our clover collection, inspired by adorable fur baby, clover! which product is your must-have?! if you could wear only one style of makeup for the rest of your life, what would it be? vote by emoji glitter pearls smoky sultry clean fresh hours left save 30 on all your morphe faves yes, even collabs sale items w code cyber30 on morphe.com select morphe stores. @makeupbylousims adds every shade of our epic wear liner sticks to cart we're celebrating with 40 off free gifts with every purchase! snag these pigmented, waterproof liners for just $4.50! @beautybyjosh what’s your all-time fave product? @esliecontreras morphe collection: blushing babes luminous dimensions effect highlight stick 24 hours only save 30 on all your morphe faves yes, even collabs sale items w code cyber30 on morphe.com select morphe stores. final hours. you thought we were e.l.f.ing amazing before? just wait until you see our cyber monday offers 40 off for all customers free shipping on all orders free gift with orders $40 tap to get your favorite e.l.f. products like our h2o proof eyeliner pen with major savings we're a firm believer that you can never have enough nude lippies add our soft matte lip cream in 'london' to your collection for just $3.90! shop our sale exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com score 40 off all of your faves @thebeautynerdnl want it? get it. shop cyber monday now with up to 80 off sitewide! @genaaaai just mauvelous @ashleykaylamakeup finishes this eye look with roller eye bright pencil—the perfect nude pink, waterproof pencil for brightening the waterline! welcome to our 3 eyeshadow palettes. if you are looking for the perfect christmas gift for your bestie our eyeshadow palettes are defintely the right choice. 18 stunning colors are waiting for you in each palette. swipe left to see them all. happy 1st of december to kick off the christmas countdown, revolution are giving you a free palette when you spend £30€30$30 on revolutionbeauty.com there are 4 to collect!⁣ be quick, whilst stocks last! december 1st: today, maison l'oréal paris is sharing @soojmooj's vision of worth to help empower women all around the world. how gorg is she?! @dubaimaven wearing our skin finish foundation stick the foundation feels natural and light on my skin. it gives off a dewy, sort of natural skin finish that to my surprise, lasted throughout the day. together with the that melts like water on skin contact, it's my current fave! i'm inlove with the foundation brush too! the bristles are soft and super dense, perfect to set the foundation without having to use a beauty sponge @dubaimaven who else is screaming for this launch? @jlobeauty @jlo i’m soo excited are you wondering how to properly care for your blonde and bleached hair? watch a live qa with our top dutch hairdresser @sophievandillen from @thefinesthairsolutions to find out her expert advice and tips on how to care for your blonde and bleached hair! tune in at 2pm central european time on thursday, december 3rd! have a blonde question? ask us in the comments down below or in our stories from december 2nd. wow isn't this a catchy eye look? we love glamorous looks! how about you?⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°870 metal espresso eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold high precision liquid liner n°1 amazing effect mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ stunning by @angelabeydoun @filizturan @iglamdit @nishfun97 available at @sephora 2 full size mascaras in 1 no products were harmed in making this video! used products for research purposes @huda with no matter where the season takes you it’s mask-friendly: transfer-resistant and sweat- and humidity-resistant! find your shade of flawless: tap to shop our number one now! do you prefer glossy or matte lips? let us know in the comments below @mayamua is serving looks with our 16hr camo concealer and lip liner from our retro paradise line shine lip kit tap to shop stunning babe!! how gorg is she? @thehellabr @wishfulskin honey balm @hudabeautyshop glow coco mist actual perfection @jackiewyers wears our natural face palette on her eyes, cheeks, and center of lips to create this stunning glow! it's beginning to look a lot like festive makeup @nataliestrohschein has used the @soph x revolution extra spice palette with the @revolutionpro⁣ pigment pomade in classic red⁣ who else can't believe it is december already? enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. it's getting colder and that means your skin might need a little extra tlc! our primer serum is ultra hydrating and nourishing, as well as the perfect lightweight primer for smooth makeup application get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we’re so proud of the positive impact the power of good fund made this year. swipe to learn how much we raised and how together we helped women and girls around the world. anyone on your gift list who needs extra care for their blonde? the sérum cicanuit is the perfect effortless night time gesture for them! formulated with the highest hyaluronic acid concentration, this little gem will erase up to 55 of bleaching damage while strengthening and hydrating their hair fiber. show them that taking care of their blonde has never been easier with the sérum cicanuit! they will be sure to sleep their way into a healthier blonde if you have questions about blonde care, we have great news! tune in for a live qa with our top hairdresser @sophievandillen from @thefinesthairsolutions in the netherlands on december 3rd at 2pm central european time 8am new york time 10am sao paulo time on this first day of december, @soojmooj has an important message to all women out there! do you agree? create a stunning eye makeup with our silky metallic eyeshadow palette n°4 burgundy. love the look? make it yours!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 1:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow rosy cloud for a smooth base. continue by highlighting the inner corner and your brow with the shade pearl swirl.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 2: continue with your outer v the last third of your lid and apply the stunning colors sophisticated elderberry. for the lower lash line these two shades are applied as well.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 3: blend out the outer v with the appealing nuance wine and apply it likewise on your lower lash line. continue with your eyelid by applying the shade love letter. for the perfect highlight apply the shade legend.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 4:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ you have reached the final step! apply the eyeliner with our fabulous eyeshadow elderberry. finish this eyelook with mascara.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ we’re here to make the stress melt away our new face serum and intense reset concentrate will help keep your skin in check! our keeps your skin glowing with 8-hour antioxidant protection, while intense reset concentrate can help reduce redness in just one hour! tap to shop and add these to your today @annalingis stepped into @lisafrank's world like... tell us what you got from the collection below additional launch dates: 12.8 @prettylittlething @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @officialbrownthomas @theofficialselfridges @arnottsdublin surprise! we're treating you to an extra day of deals, beause we love you! score 30 off all of our faves free gifts with every purchase exclusively on nyxcosmetics.com @beautyandboujee it’s a pretty party and everyone’s invited! our party curl holiday set is available now for just $40 a $93 value! at @ultabeauty @macys @qvc @hsn @nordstrom @beautylish @urbanoutfitters @asos! set includes: full-size volumizing brow gel in shade 3 full-size mascara full-size face primer mini liquid liner fam, wya? drop a if you're excited that this babe is back w a twist that only @lisafrank could create. additional launch dates: 12.8 @prettylittlething @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @officialbrownthomas @theofficialselfridges @arnottsdublin @dupethat craving a bite-sized, sugar plum-scented confection of sugared plums sugary pinks?! our sugar plum fun makeup set is perfect for creating limitless looks that keeps you looking sweet sexy all year long. on the first day of revmas we give you 20 off the must-have revolutionaries for 12 days only on revolutionbeauty.com want to have all of these products featured? win a year's supply of our revmas products:⁣ follow @makeuprevolution⁣ like this post⁣ tag a friend 1 tag 1 entry⁣ tcs:⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 11pm gmt on saturday 12th december 2020. one winner will be chosen at random by the revolution team. the winner will receive a year supply of all these 12 items. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram.⁣⁣ let's all take a moment and appreciate this fiery look on @fatimafarley by dropping a below! life-changing. we’re honored to have won in the @marieclairemag game changer beauty awards this year. have you tried our lash star yet? 12 days of e.l.f. favs treat yourself to 12 days of our bestsellers with our e.l.f.tastic 12 day advent calendar products included: poreless putty primer, ride or die lip balm, bite-size eyeshadow, liquid glitter eyeshadow, holy hydration! face cream mini, lip lacquer, eyelash curler, total face sponge, blending brush, makeup mist set, srsly satin lipstick and wow brow gel. tap to shop calling all butter gloss babes! cop your holy grail shades for 30 off! shop our sale exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com score free gifts with every purchase! @lapetitechicmommy ho ho hooray tis the season for since you're about to be busy gifting others, the next 31 days are for you turn on your notifications and make sure to check in right here for the chance to win something every.single.day. liner? sharp brows? snatched @musingmua wears our epic ink liner micro brow pencil to slay this chic snag this iconic duo for 30 off exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com we're thrilled that our blueberry muffin palette has been nominated by @peta for a check out our instagram stories and for these shadows currently available on @beautybaycom we couldn’t have imagined more perfect @sarandaprapaniku defines her brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4.5 neutral deep brown! plus, she gets that glow with georgia blush! the perfect red @jieasa slays this glossy power lip rocking our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'on a mission' this dual sided lippie delivers one-swipe color with an ultra-glossy, non-sticky finish and she's launching 129 on nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty giveaway closed! congrats @woahtristin18, @365daysofjennifer, @abby.castro, @taylorleelove, @ghoulishhh! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win a $150 gift code to shop more on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: how do you do your brows? brow cream, brow pencil, or natural good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 12320 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 12420. add a dash of extravagance to your makeup routine this holiday season. shop our limited-edition hues and eye-conic palette in extravagance! on marcjacobsbeauty.com. than all the noise. we believe mental health matters, our stories connect us and kindness changes the world. for giving tuesday, becca is coming together to shine a light on our partners love is louder, which helps promote mental health and combat issues like bullying, discrimination, depression and hopelessness. right now, many of us are struggling with increased levels of anxiety, sadness, fear and uncertainty. many people are practicing physical distancing and staying safe during a time when we need connection and support more than ever. taking care of our mental health and supporting each other helps us cope with stress and anxiety while protecting our immune systems and physical health. follow @loveislouder for more tips, tools and resources. looking for some glam inspo for our cinnamon bear makeup set? head over to our ig stories to watch how our babe @safai305 created a red hot look! name your 3 favorite color combos @nicaphan imagine unwrapping these babies for the holidays at last, our 3 bestselling mascaras in one set—only $38 for all full-sizes a $75 value!...and it’s going fast! get yours today at @macys @revolvebeauty! @gabrielle.shoots pucker up on this stocking stuffer deal grab 2 for $15 on any morphe lipstick liquid lipstick w code liplove at check out on morphe.com morphe stores! transfer? we don't know her! pro artist @beccalynzmua applies our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'world shaper' to slay this glossy moment shop the full collection on 129 exclusively on nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty to do list: glow gleam beam our glow gleam beam highlighter palette has six shades in a variety of finishes from soft glow to beaming apply it with our precision airbrush stipple brush for perfectly blended, glowing skin. tap to shop a monochromatic glow. pull your whole look together by applying our pressed highlighter to your inner corner and under your brow bone for a highlight that lights up your face. shop the final hours of 30 off sitewide now no code needed, until midnight est on beccacosmetics.com. a little gloss never hurt nobody swipe on loud, transfer-proof pigment then top with gloss for a non-sticky shine ft. here is the shade 'ambition statement' shop the full collection on 129 exclusively on nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty it pays to be on the wrong side of santa's list who's ready to get naughty all month long?! @graceanne when @itsam0re says badgal bang! volumizing mascara is the ...you know it’s the truth! it’s her go-to for volume, length, separation buildable drama! december 2nd: find out how our makeup expert @thevalgarland uses to get plumpy holiday lips! are you ready for even more allure? prepare to fall in love with the revolution forever limitless allure palette a supersized version of our best-selling forever flawless allure palette with 27 brand new shades! everything you need to create limitless looks from neutral daytime to full-on evening glam available now £20€21.99$25 regram get glamorously ready with our artdeco beauty @karo.cerni and our awaken your golden goddess collection. get her look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base eye jewel n°860 metall auburn eye jewel n°890 metall devine gold eye jewel n°870 metall espresso amazing effect mascara limited edition sparkle lip jewel n°30 showgirl the thing we love the most about our beauty box trio is the fact you can match different eyeshadows and create a box with your absolutely favorite shades!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°90a pearly purple protest⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°15 pearly snow grey eyeshadow n°26 pearly medium beige image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @patriciakuligmakeupartist⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ there is certainly a red for everyone said christian dior. make her scent-sational with a memorable gift of we have pleasures, beautiful, and on our which will you choose? attention if you're naturally acne-prone or are experiencing enlarged pores, the poreless collection is here for you. tap the or visit one of our bareminerals boutiques to learn more. @cactiwellness the perfect palette for gorgeous green holiday looks bite size eyeshadow in hot jalapeño has four ultra-pigmented shades and a creamy, blendable formula that makes application easy as e.l.f. tap to shop for $3! @makeup.and.tell a soft glam moment shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty used the forever limitless allure to slay this look and we're blown away by the result!⁣ leave a below if you agree!⁣ our enchanted dreams collection includes a luxurious set of multi-finish eye shadows, blushes, better than sex mascara, lip injection extreme, and exclusive brushes that will have you ready for any holiday occasion! available exclusively @hsn! transform in an instant with under eye brightening corrector. see how global ambassador @emmachenaristry uses becca cosmetics under eye brightening corrector to neutralize dark circles and awaken her eyes. where are you wearing this look to? @jasmineaecooper don't forget! @haileybieber will be answering 20 of the beauty questions you submitted. when? tomorrow. 1:00 pm et10:00 am pt. see you there! tap our for more details. learn from the best our beloved makeup expert @thevalgarland is ready with some pro tips for you to add instant style to your holiday look! first, have a look at this amazing eyecatcher! our angel eyes mascara has an eye-opening effect for a dreamily beautiful look. it perfectly styles and defines the lashes by adding volume, length and curl! when you know, you know we're definitely wearing lipstick in knowing as our final touch for our holiday all smiles for this shining look created by @haroldjames on @christelle.world. recreate these golden eyes using the eye-conic palette in extravagance! and mascara. an actual ice queen @jaidabrinkley slays this frosted using our new diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'sky gems' diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'royal clapback' the cutest lil luxuries which of these mini cheek powders is your fave?! cheek party set includes 5 mini clamshells: matte bronzer golden peach blush rosy bronze blush baby-pink brightening powder golden-pink blush get yours today for $30 an $85 value! at @revolvebeauty @nordstrom @beautylish @qvc @hsn benefitcosmetics.com! @gabrielle.shoots the most kissable lips, achieved with high-shine and matte lip colors! pictured: strawberry lingerie high-shine and stoplight red matte get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com naughty, aughty, aughty which of these 30 vegan extra clean shades gives you all the holiday feels?! double tap if @laaweup's look is taking you up to cloud 9 w the palette holiday glam goals we’re obsessed with @safai305 and this sexy, modern nude glam with our born this way eye shadow palette. how majestic is the forever limitless allure palette? we have supersized the original forever flawless allure! did you upgrade? cruelty-free vegan red is the color of life christian dior inspired by skincare ingredients, our range brings the restorative benefits of one of today’s most efficient skin actives: hyaluronic acid! enriched with hyaluronic acid, edelweiss flower and ultra-violet neutralizers, blond absolu formulas are conceived to deeply nourish, strengthen your hair, preventing future breakage and neutralizing unwanted undertones. let’s take a deeper look at these powerful ingredients hyaluronic acid known for it’s healing, nourishing and plumping effect, this active ingredient will act in strengthening and hydrating the hair edelweiss flower this flower actives protects your hair against daily aggressors and softens sensitized hair fibers ultra-violet neutralizers the highest concentrations of ultra-violet neutralizers acts in getting rid of brassiness and yellow undertones. blue pigments cancel out orange red undertones while the purple pigments cancel yellow undertones! do you want to know more about blonde care? ask all your questions in our stories and tune in tomorrow during our live qa with @sophievandillen from @thefinesthairsolutions at 2pm central european time 8am new york time 10am sao paulo time @maquillageitup shines bright with these icy af swatches of our limited edition diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'sky gems' paradise on our minds @leonorperaltamua is bringing the sunshine in warm hangin’ in hawaii tones @ziggymackjohnson is the definition of icy he slays this blinged out beat using our new diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette in 'sky gems' diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'that's fire' it’s the most wonderful time of the year. what are you putting on your let us know in the comments below! @anokyai stocking stuffer alert save 50 on this curated set that includes @jamescharles’ faves a custom brush tubby grab it on morphe.com morphe stores for a limited time! pro artist @xoivettea mixes our filler instinct plumping lip gloss in 'sparkling please' filler instinct pumping lip color in 'besos' to rock this glossy, diffused lip the power a smokey eye has @jas.dejanae uses our poreless face primer to smooth skin and prolong the wear of makeup for a flawless look that doesn't fade tap to shop for $6 are you an or are you drop the truth @hayleyshanksmakeup reach for gilded hues from our limited-edition gold collection. today is the last day to take 30 off on marcjacobsbeauty.com. zero to hide, see nothing but you. so you're covered, never changed. becca zero no pigment virtual foundation is the unexpected gift for anyone on your list. skin is visibly smoothed out, blurred out, with a virtually invisible finish. give your lips the star treatment with lip scrub and lip glosses get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com pretty in pink @makeuplira slays this glossy pink moment wearing our epic wear liner sticks in 'pink spirit' slim lip pencil in 'montreal' filler instinct plumping lip gloss in 'let's glaze' a gift for all of our self-care queens treat your bestie or yourself to our hydrating nourishing hangover skincare collection! available @sephorafrance. pop quiz: which morphe x palette is this? we'll pin the first correct answer @sabrinasbeautyparadise radiate positivity @leahjanae shines in brow microfilling pen for naturally gorgeous brows! ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 2 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win a solar flare 18 color baked eyeshadow palette by tagging 3 friends below who you want to get sunlit with 1 winner will be announced 125 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! congrats @karinaaa22 ft. our filler instinct plumping lip polish in ‘new money’ @19jlee primer-infused blush in always peachy stays all day thanks to our long-wearing, lock on primer powder to keep your cheeks always blushing tap to shop for $6 we dare you to tag someone you’ll be kissing under the mistletoe this year! @gabrielle.shoots been staring at these brows for hours and we still can’t get over them @glamtechstevent created shape definition using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium topped with 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! with our color variations your eyes become an absolute eye-catcher! thanks to the integrated mirror it makes the palette the perfect companion even on the go. have you already tried our eyeshadow palette n°4 burgundy? regram fresh-up within a few seconds with our artdeco beauty @tscherajna. we know that all blondes are not created equal, and keeping a healthy blonde can be quite a struggle. but not anymore. blond absolu offers a tailored made routine to adapt to all types of blondes, providing healing care, anti-brassiness, color-correction and maintenance between salon visits. ask all your questions now in our stories and tune in at 2pm central european time for the live qa with @sophievandillen from @thefinesthairsolutions. today at 8am new york time 10am sao paulo time this or that challenge @nourgiselle @huda you loved allure and now you are going to love limitless allure! 27 new shades in just 1 palette what more could you want? it's time to sparkle! with our lip jewel n°18 pink positive you can create an unforgettable glam look and awaken your golden goddess on christmas and new year's eve! ready to kiss?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the iconic rouge dior is designed like a couture piece. elegance lies in what is not shown christian dior has a new partner in prime: meet new futurist aqua brilliance watery glow apply to create a smooth, hydrated canvas for foundation application. it pairs perfectly with futurist hydra rescue makeup for skin-caring coverage care. tap to shop this recycling is just one way you can give back this holiday season. all it takes is a few easy steps to properly recycle any of our give good, do good holiday sets. december 3rd: today we take you behind the scenes with @celinedion and this is where the magic happens e.l.f. holiday gifts are available in stores and online @targetstyle products mentioned: frosted marshmallow sponge trio give me some sugar lip balm set sugar rush brush set candy kiss lip balm duo sugar and spice duo goodie gumdrops nail set grab your gift sets now before it’s too late @targetstyle triple the bang! our mascara trio is available at @qvc for $49 a $75 value through 126! the cutest gingerbread in the whole batch! heat things up this season with the warm toasty shades in our gingerbread spice mini eye shadow palette. want poppin’ eye makeup that lasts longer? then you need revolution ultimate eye base! crease-free perfection⁣ guaranteed eye makeup that lasts so much longer⁣ make sure you pick it up when you shop our new limitless allure palette get the look: barbie’s prismic glow look on the face and eyes using becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. eyes: blend hustle all over the eyelid and under lower lash line using a soft bristled brush. press refract onto inner corner of eye and through the brow. face: sweep hued onto the cheek blending towards temple using a large fluffy face brush. apply hustle onto the apple of the cheek. layer refract onto high points of cheek. before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns all month long! escape into this icy fantasy of the 35 icy fantasy artistry palette. all 35 cool, dreamy pastel shades were inspired by south korea’s mega makeup artist @ponysmakeup. drop any of these if you loved the entering the what happens when our best-seller meets the best singer? find out in our latest video! 1 eyeshadow palette 3 eye looks. swipe left to see another eyelooks created with our eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey! which one is your favorite? look 1: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow heavenly on your moveable eyelid and blend the edges with the shade muted. continue by applying the color notorious to create a winged liner and apply midnight to emphasize it. apply all colors as well on your lower lash line. after that apply midnight on your outer part of your waterline and the shade illusion as highlight on the inner corner of your eyes as well as on your brow arch. finish it with mascara. look 2: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the shade muted on your crease. then apply the shade traffic on your inner lid and the middle part of your eyelid. emphasize the crease and the outer third of your eyelid with the shade asphalt. apply the same colors on your lower lash liner. final step: apply the shade chalk to highlight the inner corner of the eye and the brow arch. finish it with mascara. look 3: start with our eyeshadow base. apply the shade alluring on your moveable eyelid and use the color daydream to blend. then apply the shade midnight on your outer third and close to your lower lash line. apply the shades alluring and midnight on your lower lash line. continue with the color dust in the inner corner of your eye and use the shade illusion as highlight in the inner corner of your eye and your brow arch. finish it with mascara. image credits: @beauty.by.miri nude lip perfection! @jasmineegal is using our lip colors matte in never nude and high-shine in bellini overflow get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com restock alert! the @sanrio my melody kuromi x wet n wild collection is back! whether you're my melody, kuromi, or a little of both, you’ll love these products available for a very limited time at wetnwildbeauty.com. get visibly healthy skin with triple the hydration! with over 80 skin-caring ingredients including hydration heavyweights and new futurist aqua brilliance watery glow hydrates immediately and over time. for a dewy, smooth complexion you can count on, tap to shop holiday lash haul from mascara to falsies to lash serum, this epic curated by @daisymarquez is the perfect gift for the lash lover in your life. even if that lash lover is you. this 6-piece lash mascara collection is only $35 $81 value on morphe.com only! free shipping on $35 orders! includes: make it big mini volumizing mascara morphe lashes in “hollywood hills @grandecosmetics grandelash-md mini lash enhancing serum @lillylashes in miami faux mink @lillylashes black mini glue @flutterlashesinc lashes in intoxicating limited time only. while supplies last. closed this holiday szn we're treating our fam to icy prizes all month long! first up, we're gifting our limited edition diamonds ice, please epic ink liner on the rise liftscara ornament to 1 lucky beauty their friend! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 10:15 am pt on december 3, 2020 and ends at 10:15 am pt on december 5, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. angel bb @hayleynicole.x2 is slaying with sweetness in the collection details: nice 16 color shadow palette let it glow 4 color highlighter palette mistletoe kisses cashmere cream lip trio there’s snowbody like you 12 piece brush set leave a below if @ariannachayleneblean's artistry has @imjennim in the limelight all i want for christmas is shamelessly thick lashes! deck the halls trim the tree with our damn girl! mascara wrapped in the cutest mini christmas ornament! the perfect addition to your eye look with our new forever flawless limitless allure palette is our newest mascara in our range false lash mink effect mascara swipe to see the new false lash mink effect mascara results yourself cool and warm, beige and browns reveal their finer details in dior makeup powders. say no to dry, chapped lips with our lip exfoliators getting smooth, soft lips is easy as e.l.f. with these bullet-style lip exfoliators infused with vitamin e, shea butter, avocado, grape and jojoba oils to nourish and protect your lips scents from left to right: rose sweet cherry brown sugar mint maniac coconut tap to shop for $4! the only ornaments we're putting on the tree this year treat your bestie or yourself to our limited edition diamonds ice, please on the rise liftscara ornament available online at nyxcosmetics.com the answer to dry, uneven skin? new futurist aqua brilliance watery glow paired with futurist hydra rescue makeup: immediately hydrates and gives skin lasting radiance with a blend of golden and rosy pearls blurs imperfections, nourishes visibly soothes skin with omega 3-rich chia seed extract and probiotic technology tap to shop this skin-soothing makeup are you luminous or mattifying setting spray kind of check the deets mattifying continuous setting mist controls oil and shine ultra-fine, translucent powder works on all skin tones prevents makeup from melting luminous setting spray instantly hydrates skin for up to 16 hours infused with coconut water and apple extract sweat-resistant and humidity-resistant contains glycerin which seals in moisture tropical scent free shipping on $35 orders on morphe.com! not hating on socks but... these stocking stuffers lump of coal true black, quick-drying liquid eyeliner jolly af trio of waterproof eyeliner pencils in matte jet black, glimmering frosted silver and glistening true gold $18 $24 value @dupethat perfect laminated @annabelzz hello to the holiday lash haul did you grab @daisymarquez's lash haul yet? let us know this 6-piece lash mascara collection is only $35 $81 value on morphe.com only! free shipping on $35 orders! includes: make it big mini volumizing mascara morphe lashes in hollywood hills @grandecosmetics grandelash-md mini lash enhancing serum @lillylashes in miami faux mink @lillylashes black mini glue @flutterlashesinc lashes in intoxicating limited time only. while supplies last. can we say, pro artist @makemeupchris uses our new lift snatch brow tint pen to slay fuller, fluffier brows click the link in our bio to pre-order just think of the possibilities. with 5 ultra-smooth shades, the limited edition becca x barbie ferreiria prismatica face palette is the most versatile palette of the season. how are you wearing it? gift it from @ultabeauty and beccacosmetics.com. the perfect fall lip doesn’t exi our babe @soolmuaz wears our long wearing, lightweight melted matte lipstick in the shade makin’ moves. vote drop a if you prefer the right if you prefer the left you don't want to miss free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com! @thebeautyradar your brows but better introducing our lift snatch! brow tint pen $11 usd @breecolter @stini slay lifted brows with the flexible micro-brush tip that creates thin to thick lines that actually look like hairs irl 16 hour wear, smudge-resistant and transfer-resistant click the link in our bio to pre-order a soothing to get you through the day @alexdemasters slays sharp brows using our new lift snatch brow tint pen in 'soft brown' pre-order yours today by clicking the link in our bio ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 3 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win a truffle blush- 4 color blush palette by tagging 3 friends below who have a sweet tooth 1 winner will be announced 126 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @aafrrin congrats to @joorijulie the ultimate kit for makeup that lasts all day set, prime and pop set includes poreless putty primer to give the skin a flawless base, halo glow setting powder in medium to set and give the skin a soft-focus finish and a powder brush to blend shop now to get this kit just in time for the holidays! available online and in stores @targetstyle we call her but she makes your face look like a glazed donut this warm toasty golden pearl powder is a treat for your cheeks! @gabrielle.shoots boozy, bubbly and beautiful on every skin tone our cyber monday sale's almosttt over and our frosé palette will only be $10.80 for a little while longer @dupethat glowing above beyond @ariannachayleneblean used high beam lip cheek stain on @jennim to illuminate her complexion! we all know christmas and new year's eve will be different this year. nevertheless, we still want to try new makeup looks and style up for ourselves! so, do you want to recreate this festive look? illuminating primer eyeshadow base eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle pudding eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush amazing effect mascara blusher n°23 deep pink blush lip jewel n°24 purple stars crystal beauty dust image credits: @natascha.lindemann december 4th: can you guess who this adorable baby grew up to be? here's a clue... she's beautiful inside and out. today, we're kicking things off with a spokes throwback photo quiz! go ahead and tell us who you think it is in the comments below! xx revolution @xxrevolution takin' over our grid today, showin' you our latest drops and u can pick up xx 3 for 2 on revolutionbeauty.com for 1 week only starting today and xx now available at @beautybaycom it's glow time new light's on collection contains two light up lip glosses a light up palette hardcore product in epic hardcore packaging wait till u apply in the dark... issa whole new xxperience like u never seen before...⁣ electric lip gloss clear gloss⁣ glimmer lip gloss clear shimmer gloss⁣ rrp £10$14€12⁣ lights on palette pink-toned shadows⁣ rrp £20$25€22 pov: ur in a club toppin' up ur gloss. u glow in the dark ur gloss is poppin'. life is good new xx revolution light up glosses electric glimmer electric clear gloss, non-sticky formula, crystal finish⁣ glimmer shimmering clear gloss... she's xxtra⁣ both rrp £10$14€12⁣ upgrade your lipgloss game ur make up bag is beggin' u for this epic packaging light up ur life now beige is timeless; the color of elegance in christian dior's couture pieces. with the eyeshadow palette n°2 nude you enchant every occasion with the perfect eye makeup. watch this step-by-step for a stunning eye look! step 1: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow shade macadamia. to set a brow highlight and for the inner corner of your eye apply the light shade cream. step 2: apply the brown shade cappuccino on your crease. this lovely color is also applied on your lower lash line. step 3: continue with your eye lid by applying the eyeshadow bronze- for the inner corner of your eye the amazing shade marzipan creates this little wow effect. step 4: it's time to take care of your outer v also called the last third of your eye lid. the two shades hazelnut and rust are applied. for your lower lash line apply the eyeshadow haszelnut as well. your look is almost done! now, finish off by applying some lovely lashes or apply some mascara. image credits: @makeupbyevva xx revolution lights on shadow palette she's got the lighting u need built in with hella pigmented pink gold tones rrp £20$25€22⁣ glow to town our secret for dewy, glowy skin? before applying your start with new futurist aqua brilliance watery glow say goodbye to dry, dull skin and say hello to skin that looks hydrated, plump and immediately triples skin's moisture visit the link in our bio to shop it now! “what makes you a barebeauty?” meet member shabana @shabeautify favorite bare product: strength and length mascara bareskin complete coverage serum concealer best beauty tipadvice: skincare first, makeup second. your makeup will look much better if you take care of your skin and you’ll need less of it! make sure to follow @shabeautify our xx revolution luxx velvet brushes were beggin’ for some real close ups with this unboxxing volume up all u asmr lovers the hella soft texxture is real look backstage. model @nikepn behind-the-scenes at the chanel 202021 métiers d’art show, held yesterday at ‘le château des dames’, château de chenonceau located in the loire valley in france. inspired by the renaissance tone of the collection, @luciapicaofficial gave models a daring makeup look. “the collection embodies the renaissance spirit. it is a very modern interpretation of strong women owning their power.” lucia pica get the look: le correcteur de chanel ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre stylo yeux waterproof n°88 noir intense les 4 ombres n°334 modern glamour stylo sourcils waterproof la palette sourcils le gel sourcils le volume révolution de chanel n°10 noir le crayon lèvres n°162 nude brun baume essentiel transparent pinceau duo sourcils n°207 pinceau ombreur plat n°202 @lishalovesmakeup looks outstanding in olive products featured: putty eye primer in rose retro paradise line shine lip kit lip liner in 02 nude poreless putty primer stay all night micro fine setting mist tap to shop! celestial look with our collection. products used: star lux shadow quad let's get astrophysical star lux glitter highlighter duo now or nova star lux lip scrub sugar plum galaxy star lux lip gloss heart solar star lux starlighter brush available at @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com which brow sign are you?! gorgeous @tangful used palette swipe left to see what shades she used to create this look! black is the most elegant color for monsieur christian dior. what’s your fav shade? photo credits @kendallalfred @thebeautyradar @sadiexoxos @ibtisamakeup @petrav.mua @bwitch17 @fetish.of.mine giveaway alert winners have been contacted via dm want to get your hands on our sold out christmas snuggles melted kisses liquid lipstick set?! we're making your kisses a little sweeter this season by sending five lucky winners this exclusive christmas lip set! good luck, beauties!⁣⁣ how to enter:⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post!⁣ follow @toofaced⁣⁣⁣ tag a bestie they must be following, too!⁣⁣⁣⁣ for bonus entries, comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣⁣ fact: 6 billion paper holiday cards are sold each year in the u.s. that’s enough to fill a football field ten stories high! be a cool cat and send an e-card instead. before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns all month long! hint. tint. glow. light, multipurpose makeup that keeps it simple yet stunning from ft. @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio. what do you want to see next from tell us introducin' our new xx revolution luxx shadow palettes bare luxx decadent luxx two new colours of our bouji af xx velvet palettes with rich, multi-tonal hella pigmented shadows bare luxx is servin' u head turning nude lewks in an everyday statement kinda way decadent luxx... purple, mauve, violet, lavender... eggplant a lil' purple moment u know u wanna touch that velvet texxture... and u can pick up xx 3 for 2 on revolutionbeauty.com for 1 week only starting today and xx now available at @beautybaycom drumroll please it's time for the big reveal! let's see if you guessed right, you might be surprised! 12 days, 12 ways to shimmer is here. our deepest shade, chocolate geode, is rich chocolate brown highlighter with golden pearl. it’s a fan favorite to add a natural, luminous glow to dark-deep skin tones. it can even be used as a bronzer topper or to add a warm shimmer to the eyes. @dianaboscan slays this golden using our limited edition holiday collection! here are the deets: diamonds ice, please! born to glow highlighting set 6-pan shadow palette in 'jeweled jaded' diamonds ice, please! butter gloss lip trio diamonds ice, please! on the rise liftscara ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 4 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win a @laviedunprince 12 color shadow palette by tagging 3 rainbow-loving friends below! 1 winner will be announced 127 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @youngcouture congrats to @labeauteparlesly stunning looks by these amazing beauties! @deborahruizglam @hanstluce @nataliatrojan @judypoulos here is a list of three instant mood boosters i like to try before i tackle something intimidating: 1- play a good song that can relax me or make me dance. 2- good simple makeup, which includes good foundation. here, i'm wearing @esteelauder's futurist hydra rescue moisturizing makeup spf 45. i've been loving the glow it gives me. 3- telling myself that i got this! i say it out loud too. because, i do! what about you? how do you boost your self-confidence? and wise words from @findingpaola tag a friend who deserves this fiery holiday treat 7-brush collection: n7 double-ended liner spoolie brush n6 bullet crease brush n5 tapered blending brush n4 blending fluff brush n3 crease blending brush n2 oval shading brush n1 firm packer brush our eyeshadow base consists of a soft and creamy consistency and your eyeshadow is being applied easier, distributed better and lasts longer. are you also in love with our all time favorite comment down below.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ drop a if @rogermuru has you saying yasssss forrest shop on morphe.com coming soon to: 12.8 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @officialbrownthomas @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @arnottsdublin 12.11 @douglascosmetics @makeup2themaxx has us hypnotized with this swatch of our limited edition diamonds ice, please shadow jelly in 'rust worthy' our new xx revolution luxx brush set is unreal we're talkin' 5 ultra soft velvet face and eye brushes try dippin' ur brushes into the new bare luxx decadent luxx shadow palettes issa hella bomb combo feel luxxurious at revolutionbeauty.com the holidays are the perfect time to pause and appreciate all the people who have supported us throughout the year. is there someone on your gifting list who can never get enough pampering? someone who knows all the best spas and treatments, and loves a good head massage? treat them with the holiday gift set for the perfect at-home beauty ritual. if you have a daring blonde on your list, give them the luxury set of the holiday gift set to always keep their blonde on point! if you have someone suffering from hair-fall, treat them with the holiday gift set to never be afraid of falling. do you need any help finding the best gifts for your loved ones this season? check our instastory for our gifting guide www.kerastase.com make the season bright give the gift of complexion perfection this year! create endless looks with our born this way collection, inspired by the beauty of real skin tones! available @sephoramiddleeast. black may be sometimes just as striking as a color christian dior it’s on us available exclusively on nyxcosmetics.com through 1210 our gift guide features limited-edition luxuries and beauty essentials starting from under $30, $40 and $50. link in bio to shop. look backstage. renaissance women. for the chanel 202021 métiers d’art show, @luciapicaofficial created a feminine-rock feel with black graphic eyes and barely-there glossy lips. a rebellious yet very chanel look. get the look: le correcteur de chanel ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre stylo yeux waterproof n°88 noir intense les 4 ombres n°334 modern glamour stylo sourcils waterproof la palette sourcils le gel sourcils le volume révolution de chanel n°10 noir le crayon lèvres n°162 nude brun baume essentiel transparent pinceau duo sourcils n°207 pinceau ombreur plat n°202 @madeleinefs these cream-to-powder multi sticks put the eyes, lips, face in e.l.f. use monochromatic multi stick in dazzling peony on your eyes, lips and cheeks for a glowy, monochromatic look tap to shop for only $4 it is with heavy hearts that we share the news of a devastating loss for the benefit family. jane ann ford, our beloved co-founder, has passed away. a passionate leader and loving sister, wife aunt, jane’s legacy will forever live on in our benefit dna. her passion and tenacious spirit will be remembered as we honor and carry on her legacy in everything we do as a company, a team, and a benefit family around the world satin goodness pro artist @muamartini applies our diamonds ice please, lipstick in 'on the rocks' for this mauve moment even more hydrated even more radiant even more skin-caring pair new futurist aquabrilliance watery glow with to get even better results for your skin. tap to shop this nbd just the best mascara primer duo making an appearance together grab both for $17 $22 value for a limited-time on morphe.com select morphe stores! benefits: build layer for instant volume lashes don't flake curvaceous brush coats even the smallest lashes benefits: preps lashes for ultimate volume⁣ conditions lashes for mascara application⁣ intensifies color of mascara⁣ everything that glitters is gold... and on sale shop our collection @ultabeauty for 25 off rn! @leesondra naughty 30 color shadow palette in shades mulled, balsam, mistletoe, very merry snowball. warning applying the morphe x @lisafrank palette may bring joy like this artistry by @k80far drop all the emojis on how this makes you feel! “this mascara has everything i need: it’s lengthening, volumizing, separating, very black, easy to apply wand, stays on all day, and comes off with my cleansing balm. i absolutely love this mascara.” terib on marcjacobsbeauty.com. discover at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. @adele.v rocks our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' shimmer down pigment in 'mauve pink' to create this icy dreaming of a pink christmas! if you could only grab one of these goodies, which one would you choose?! let us know in the comments! all the brushes you'll ever need! our essential brush line has you covered every time get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com all glow. all over. all holiday and beyond add a transfer-resistant pearlized glow to your face and body with becca cosmetics ignite liquified light face body highlighter, featuring a formula that will last through every virtual holiday party and won’t rub off under a mask. tune in to our ig live at 6:30pm pst to watch @xixiyang takeover and announce something major sometimes it just feels good to glow up how many days did you wear makeup this past week?! @lauramilow diamonds are a baddie's best friend dress your lips in sparkling gloss with our limited edition diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'left on read' available exclusively at @ultabeauty nourish your lips with recover hydrating coconut lip oil. with the shine of a lip gloss, recover feels soothing and conditioning on lips—never sticky. available at @sephora, @harveynichols, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. liquid glitter eyeshadow in flirty birdy has all the best vibes get easy-to-apply, long wearing glitter with our liquid glitter eyeshadows on elfcosmetics.com @dumbalec we know your heart is set on all 3 covers of our morphe @lisafrank 35b palette, but who else has their eyes on this cute guy, forrest don't miss free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com! @makeupbyjesscheri we know your heart is set on all 3 covers of our morphe @lisafrank 35b palette, but who else has their eyes on this cute guy, forrest don't miss free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com! @makeupbyjesscheri love this stunning beauty @medusabeautyy tag your fav beauty accounts we are obsessed with you @medusabeautyy repost @medusabeautyy hudabeauty products are life changing i’m obsessed and thankful that i’ve found my new foundation for everyday the water jelly primer in combo is the best way for a perfect result of your foundation! full hydration and smooth texture of your foundation will be seen let's focus on the eyes! discover with us this fabulous burgundy look made with our eyeshadow palette n°4 burgundy. swipe left to see the single steps. step 1: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow rosy cloud for a smooth base. continue by highlighting the inner corner and your brow with the shade pearl swirl. step 2: continue with your outer v the last third of your lid and apply the stunning colors sophisticated elderberry. for the lower lash line these two shades are applied as well. step 3: blend out the outer v with the appealing nuance wine and apply it likewise on your lower lash line. continue with your eyelid by applying the shade love letter. for the perfect highlight apply the shade legend. step 4: you have reached the final step! apply the eyeliner with our fabulous eyeshadow elderberry. finish this eyelook with mascara. image credits: @makeupbyevva which one is your fav? 1,2,3,4, or 5? @lupemua @leamaluje @nasiabelli @maysammakeup @ownurlook unwind diffuse with the new revolution reed diffuser home collection choose from 6 uniquely fragranced diffusers to create the perfect atmosphere. packaged in a weighted, coloured glass container with beautiful gold foil detailing and golden top to elegantly display your diffuser. each diffuser contains 100ml of concentrated fragranced oil in a signature scent for a long lasting fragrant experience.⁣ £12€12.99$17⁣ december 5th: running out of time, and in need of a new hair color? here's magic retouch to the rescue! bring extra sparkle on your eyes! you can apply our liquid glitter eyeshadow separately or on your favorite eyeshadows to make it more glamorous. little secret with the code community you will get a liquid glitter eyeshadow n°6 moonstone for free for every order in our online shop at a minimum oder value of 35 in december, 2020. use we look forward to your stunning glitter looks!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ black is the combination of all colors; you can never go wrong with a black full look. treat someone you love to a kit full of e.l.f. skincare favorites jet set hydration kit includes mini sizes of everything you need for a complete skincare routine jet set hydration kit includes: daily face cleanser prep and hydrate balm daily hydration moisturizer nourishing night cream illuminating eye cream tap to shop for $15 look backstage. model @dibaamaty waits for final touches before walking the chanel 202021 métiers d’art show at ‘le château des dames.’ for this look, @luciapicaofficial kept the attention on the bold graphic black eye and left the lips and skin natural-looking. “the look emphasizes black and matte on the eyes with clear shiny lips and a blurry matte skin. lucia pica get the look: le correcteur de chanel ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre stylo yeux waterproof n°88 noir intense les 4 ombres n°334 modern glamour stylo sourcils waterproof la palette sourcils le gel sourcils le volume révolution de chanel n°10 noir le crayon lèvres n°162 nude brun baume essentiel transparent pinceau duo sourcils n°207 pinceau ombreur plat n°202 omg how cute? i want one! tiktok @yshen221 hair goals before the festivities? yes, it’s possible! the first step is to find the right hair care routine for you and with the new kerastase hair diagnostic, you are one click away from your hair goals! find your perfect tailor-made hair care routine by answering a few simple questions about your hair, your lifestyle and your hair desires. click on the link in our bio and get ready for your hair to look its best for the festivities! gorgeous @christinaabiola @monicarosemua @makeupjackyluvv @wing.it.beauty our is now housed in a sleek, substantial, and expertly-crafted glass bottle! it’s not only a statement piece for any skincare but it’s recyclable, too! tap to shop now. mineral veil is a cult-favorite for a reason it sets makeup and leaves skin looking perfectly airbrushed. the set includes a travel size so you never have to leave home without it. grab it at @sephora before it's gone! you’re so golden @majdasakho our girl wears our oil-free, 24-hour born this way matte foundation in the shade golden! diffusers that live rent free in our mind a flame free option has now joined the revolution home family of scented candles and room sprays. each diffuser, a perfect stocking filler, birthday gift or even a little treat to yourself, creates the most wonderful sensory experience!⁣ choose from:⁣ you're my type⁣ lost my head⁣ undress me⁣ under the covers⁣ finding balance⁣ call me angel⁣ which one is your pick? b-b-b-b-bad to the bone score a hardcore deal during @macys friends family sale 15 off our bestseller-packed holiday sets more! make your in just one swipe. indulge in cherry-bomb lips with the shade oh miley! from our collection. @cheskacampbell completes this pink glam with our butter gloss in ‘madeleine join 87 of women who said goodbye to eye area puffiness with eye matrix complex. this skin-strengthening formula plumps delicate skin around the eye reducing visible signs of aging. tap to shop! consumer testing on 154 women say hello to gorgeous lips! sometimes we love it classy and choose our perfect color lipstick n°806 artdeco red. how do you like expressive colors during the upcoming festive season?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ we love a bold lip because someone has to be the main character right?! get this e.l.f.ing amazing vampy holiday look using liquid matte lipstick in vampy violet tap to shop for $6 did you know we have 13 yep, 13! shades of mega last matte lip color? tell us which one is your favorite get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wentwildbeauty.com pearl is our a soft, luminescent white highlighter for a glow you can’t miss. need a last-minute root touch-up to begin your festivities in style? get the magical solution! drop any of these for the shades hitting @cincior just right the easiest and sexiest! eyeliner you’ll ever use. top off your weekend glam with our 24-hour better than sex eyeliner. soft smoooooth @honeydewgloss swatches our new marshmellow smoothing primer this 10-in-1 super primer is infused with marshmallow root extract for 10 sweet makeup extending benefits: smoothes softens extends makeup hydrates soothes evens tone minimizes texture blurs lines soft focus finish keeps makeup looking fresh pre-order today at nyxcosmetics.com and try it for yourself we'll take any excuse to get glammed up these days. @mayagalore shows us her favorite festive look for the holidays, featuring a golden smokey eye and a sweet pink lip. brow master sculpting pencil in coffee strength length serum-infused brow gel in clear complexion rescue hydrating foundation stick maya's shade is cinnamon 10.5 bareskin serum concealer maya's shade is dark to deep gen nude eyeshadow palette in latte lasting line eyeliner in absolute black lashtopia mascara bounce blur blush in mauve sunrise mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick in memory makeup for the senses transform your home into a sensory haven with revolution home collection. each revolution scented candle has up to 40 hours burn time. sounds like the perfect gift to us @doormariska⁣ are you excited for the holiday season? tell us in the comments down below which holiday gift set you’d like to see under the tree this year! and don’t forget to check out our instastory for our gifting guide to help you find the perfect gift for your loved ones the perfect pout in progress. global artistry ambassador @morganemartini uses lip crème in oh miley! on @justjenaye. it's the marshmellow effect pro artist @makeupwithivan slays super blurred and hydrated skin using our new marshmellow smoothing primer click the link in our bio to pre-order today stocking stuffer must limited-time left to save 50 on this curated set that includes @jamescharles’ faves a custom brush tubby grab it on morphe.com morphe stores! @littleberry92. straight up brow perfection @fryncesca uses brow microfilling pen and precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black to find her lines! look backstage. regal brows. to balance the strong eye look models were given a full brow by brushing them upwards using the pinceau duo sourcils n°207 and filling them in with le stylo sourcils waterproof and la palette sourcils. to keep the hairs in place and add depth, brows were finished with a coat of le gel sourcils. get the full look: le correcteur de chanel ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre stylo yeux waterproof n°88 noir intense les 4 ombres n°334 modern glamour le volume révolution de chanel n°10 noir le crayon lèvres n°162 nude brun baume essentiel transparent pinceau ombreur plat n°202 @cleabrt sweet like santa's cookies grab the nice- 16 color shadow palette @ultabeauty for 25 off while their sale lasts closed we're treating 1 lucky beauty their friend to our limited edition diamonds ice, please 6-pan shadow palette collection here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 2:00 pm pt on december 5, 2020 and ends at 2:00 pm pt on december 6, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. rescue in every drop with intense reset concentrate tap to shop now! satisfy your cravings with our tempting trio of beauty treats. this limited-edition set features a mini enamored gloss in pretty thing, mini in blacquer, and mini @hernameisgeorgie is giving us major prismatic vibes with this full face of becca, with standout shades from the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette. products used: becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette backlight priming filter ultimate coverage foundation in sienna sunlit bronzer in ipanema sun hydra-light plumping lip balm in breeze shop the collection in our holiday gift guide. congrats to our winners @megclairee @geminijoel @riituu @djsbeautybeats and @isaactorres comment your 16hr camo concealer shade below and we'll send restocks to 5 lucky followers 16hr camo concealer is a matte finish, long-wearing concealer that delivers full coverage for a flawless af finish pair it with our camo concealer sponge to blend to perfection tap to shop! dudeeee, come here! dig your claws into rosa's holiday faves two outrageously festive bundles curated by @adamrayokay a.k.a. rosa only on our site now! everything about @muabarborapohankova's cut crease is she uses our epic wear liner stick in 'pink spirit' ultimate edit petite shadow palette in 'brights' matte liquid liner to get the look no matter which shade you choose, this palette gives you everything you need to capture the beauty of the season. which shade from our enchanted forest makeup set is your fave?! available @ultabeauty! all set to gift tag someone who would love to see our talk beauty to me holiday set under the tree! our limited-edition kit includes our full-size products for just $50 a $111 value! at @hsn @qvc! mascara in shade 3.5 brightening face powder face primer me getting ready for fill in the blank. for a limited-time grab free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com! @cassperalta. inspired by @patrickta with @avani. all i want for christmas is... ho ho holidays! we don't blame you if you want to unwrap your goodies early @kamillegregory @che.mosley @jfigggs @maryliascott @rogermuru promotion win win win today is st. nicholas' day and therefore we want to give you something special. you can win this beauty set with our awaken your golden goddess products and @rosentalorganics products. conditions of participation:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 1. like this post⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2. follow @rosentalorganics @artdecocosmetics⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3. tag a friend in the comments who likes this raffle runs till december 9, 2020, 9 pm and is not connected with instagram. the winner will be informed via message afterwards. only people with residence in europe can participate.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ december 6th: maison l'oréal paris sat down with @nikolajwilliamcw to discuss his views on gender equality and what 'i'm worth it' means to him. check it out! for christian dior, pink is the sweetest of all colors what's this, what's this? the pumpkin king is back and some of your favourites from the nightmare before christmas collection are back in stock on revolutionbeauty.com everybody scream!⁣⁣ tap link in bio to head to the site don't miss out again! stunning makeup inspo which is your fav? 1, 2, 3, or 4? repost @liquorsbeauty @victorialyn @froartistry @enchantedbeautybybasma it's time to think about the perfect christmas look! have you decided already? our eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey will be a stunning eyecatcher on this special day. how do you like it double tap if your eyeshadow drawer looks like this our 18-pan eyeshadow palettes feature a mix of matte, satin and shimmer shades with a creamy, blendable formula that's easy to use and super pigmented tap to shop for $14 what ingredients do you guys have at home want me to do a diy on? drop it below my loves!! repost @wishfulskin this fall-themed diy hand mask is super hydrating perfect for keeping your hands hydrated during the colder weather. swipe to see the ingredients so you can make it at home nails done by @so.dubai legit eye candies spot a fav? comment them below! amazing by @beautyblogshan the sérum universel is the purest, most powerful manifestation of the revitalizing range. with only a few pumps, experience the luxurious benefits of the sérum universel 1. 32 greater scalp elasticity 2. 24h scalp hydration 3. 7.2 increased fiber diameter for a fuller appearance 4. 81 increased fiber hydration after 48h 5. 4x more shine 6. 96h anti-frizz action find out more at www.kerastase.com look backstage. the chanel 202021 métiers d’art show. with the grand regal setting of château de chenonceau and a renaissance inspired collection, @luciapica wanted the show’s models to have a powerful presence on the runway and reflect the spirit of the collection. “the makeup is graphic and strong, it exaggerates the eyes into a bigger, wider shape.” lucia pica get the look: le correcteur de chanel ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre stylo yeux waterproof n°88 noir intense les 4 ombres n°334 modern glamour stylo sourcils waterproof la palette sourcils le gel sourcils le volume révolution de chanel n°10 noir le crayon lèvres n°162 nude brun baume essentiel transparent pinceau duo sourcils n°207 pinceau ombreur plat n°202 @malikalouback full review of megaglo blushlighters by @makeupbymicaylah! she even put them to the test with a 7-hour event, but our didn't let her down get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com pink is the color of happiness christian dior merry and light: our super-pomegranate radiant energy lotion light refreshes skin with lightweight hydration and 2x super-pomegranate concentrate. gift your skin an energized, vibrant look tap to shop! what's better than 24 days of our 24-piece collection of bareminerals skincare and makeup must-haves is the gift that keeps on giving. tap our to learn more. skip the shipping and head to your fave @ultabeauty location for 25 off some must-haves this weekend we'll take one in every shade! kiss your old lip glosses goodbye and experience plush, juicy, multidimensional color combined with our iconic lip injection plumping power! on a personal note, unfortunately i suffer with lupus, which is a butterfly rash on my face that makes it very hard to use certain makeup. i've found your brand to be one of the brands i can rely on not to cause irritation in my skin. i use the hold cbd collection including the blowout mascara which i think i've purchased 3 times now, i also use the cbd-infused setting spray with and without makeup on as its so kind to my skin, and it just leaves it looking so flawless and dewy!⁣ i received the revolution skincare prevent salicylic acid gentle blemish serum and i wasn't expecting the results i got! especially in the time frame, within 2 days i noticed the redness and raised blemishes had reduced dramatically! now 4-5 days on my skin so looking very clear with no active blemishes. i was so sceptical of using this product due to the salicylic acid but i am so happy i took the risk on my skin as its working for me and now my go-to product!⁣ thanks, revolution @powtmakeupartist⁣ the results on shannon's face are absolutely incredible! swipe to see for yourself thank you for the kind words, @powtmakeupartist! you look so radiant! @teamrevolutionbeauty @revolutionskincare brow down @jasmyndestine uses gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4.5 neutral deep brown and 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel to get brows fit for a queen! every woman should have something pink in her wardrobe. it is the colour of happiness and of feminity monsieur dior said. @makeupbymeve is serving major graphic liner goals using our epic ink liner metallic glitter in 'beauty beam' 1 palette 3 eye looks. it's all about the eyes! create 3 stunning looks with our eyeshadow palette n°2 nude.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ look 1: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the shade macadamia as basis on your eyelid and highlight your crease with the color milkshake. continue by applying the nuance hazelnut on the outer third of your eyelid and the shade caramelized on your inner eyelid. apply the shade caramelized inside and hazelnut outside on your lower lash line. after that apply the shade marzipan as highlight in the inner corner of your eye and on your eyebrow arch. finish it with our amazing effect mascara.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ look 2: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the shade cappuccino as basis on your eyelid and the shade rust on your moveable eyelid and blend the edges with the color cappuccino. apply the shade cacao to darken your lash line. after that highlight your lower lash line with the color cappuccino, rust and cacao and apply the shade cream to highlight the inner corner of the eye and your brow arch. finish it with our amzing effect mascara.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ look 3:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow shade cream as a basis on your eyelid and the color cappuccino on your crease and the outer third of your eyelid. highlight the lower lash line with the shade cappuccino. to highlight the inner corner of your eyes and your brow arch apply the eyeshadow marzipan. finish it with our amazing effect mascara.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credit: @beauty.by.miri⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ repost @wishfulskin winter is just around the corner my loves, so i'm getting ready to keep my skin super moisturized hydrated. this is the ultimate routine to keep the dry skin away! look backstage. the enchanting gaze. to get this look, the eyes were outlined using the stylo yeux waterproof in noir intense, creating a heavy point at the outer corners. to intensify the look, the black shade from les 4 ombres in modern glamor was applied along the upper and lower lashes, in the crease of the lid, and at the outer corners. for the final touch of drama, several coats of le volume révolution de chanel noir mascara was added to the upper and lower lashes. get the full look: le correcteur de chanel ultra le teint compact poudre universelle libre stylo sourcils waterproof la palette sourcils le gel sourcils le crayon lèvres n°162 nude brun baume essentiel transparent pinceau duo sourcils n°207 pinceau ombreur plat n°202 @iamhyunjishin we will be wearing glitter until further notice our candy drip liquid glitter set has three e.l.f.ing amazing liquid glitter eyeshadows in purple reign, flirty birdy and new cranberry punch as well as a satin eyeliner pencil in black to complete all of your holiday glam looks available online and in stores @targetstyle tap to shop for $15 wise words from the man himself! @nikolajwilliamcw thank you for using your voice to shine a light on gender equality. what does gender equality mean to you? leave a comment below! @shamelesslydia slays this double liner moment using our epic ink liner get 3x the light with the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit. 3 must-have shades of our best-selling pressed highlighter to light up any holiday look. wear them on their own, or layer for a custom glow. champagne pop, our best-selling shade, a soft golden highlighter with pinky-peach pearl vanilla quartz, a creamy, light golden shade with pink pearl rose quartz, a neutral pale pink highlighter with soft golden pearl can’t get enough of this look! @yasminkavari wears our super perfecting, natural finish born this way super coverage concealer shade sand. indulge in a moment of with this 2-step treatment. start off using our custom-crafted brush alone on your skin to help re-energize microcirculation. then apply re-nutriv ultimate diamond mask noir infused with to instantly reveal smoother and softer skin. have you fallen in love with the new revolution forever limitless allure palette yet? your favourite allure is now available in a mega size and with 27 brand new shades including some stunning two-toned marbled shades ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 6 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the rose romance 12 piece brush set w bag by tagging 3 friends below who are obsessed with rose gold 1 winner will be announced 129 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @indigotohell congrats to @natalies.loves sunday self-care day! @adri.silvaaa shares her luxurious at-home beauty ritual with chronologiste what is your routine? share with us in the comments down below. cherry-kissed, luscious lips. emulate a ripe cherry with lip crème in oh miley! and recover hydrating coconut lip oil. sundays are for organizing pro artist @beccalynzmua spills the tea on how she organizes her makeup collection drop your tips below! giveaway closed! congrats @itsmayathepapaya, @alextamayo2, @clocat17, @brenanners, @erikasfitnessjourney! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 1⁣⁣ for the first day of we're giving five lucky winners... a signed @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio poster hint hint skin tint your shade wondertint cheek lip mousse 4 shades jelly eye shimmer 6 shades gloss pop face eye gloss glassified lip oil 6 shades the sweep life brush collection bag how to enter: follow @morphebrushes! like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 12720 at 1 pm pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. oh deer, drop a for @paintedmina's artistry skills @blackbirdkhai slays this metallic using our new diamonds ice, please collection here are the deets: diamonds ice, please shimmer body oil vault diamonds ice, please glitter goals liner vault in 'diamond dust' diamonds ice, please mini setting spray kit shop the full collection online at nyxcosmetics.com drop a yellow emoji to match the vibe of 18s sunset beats artistry palette for a limited-time grab free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com! @paletteaddict treat yourself to a cherrished pair of merry minis. our limited-edition blacquer cherry set tops off any holiday look with lifted lashes and lasting liner. faking vacation mode with our essentials! what’s next on your travel bucket list?! on our beautiful skin new face and eye supercharged complex repair and treat visible signs of aging so you can cross lines and wrinkles, dullness, and dark circles off the list too! maraschino mood. @justjenaye wears our eye-conic palette in cherrific, in blacquer, and in oh miley! our new holy hydration makeup melting cleansing balm in action this solid balm cleanser melts into a luxurious oil texture that melts makeup without stripping your skin use the to shop for $10 @sarahnovio rosa-approved products that bring the heat lemme find out about this spice bundle: includes: naughty 30 color shadow palette marble luxe 10 piece brush set bh liquid eyeliner stellar lash mini mascara all for just $58.80 $84 value @adamrayokay are you ready for this jelly? pro artist @alexandriamariee swatches our limited edition diamonds ice, please shadow jelly collection which shade is your fave? where are you wearing @louiecasttro's stunning look? living room zoom date virtual happy hour indulge in a guilt-free sweet treat with this richly-seductive, salted caramel-scented palette. which looks have you been creating with our salted caramel eye shadow palette?! reasons we love color icon blush and think you will, too: it's buildable, long-wearing, and comes in 4 gorgeous shades get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a lil cool toned @contrashelby serves this icy beat using: diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please glitter liner vault in 'diamond dust' diamonds ice, please on the rise ornament drop any of these: if @jaimariah caught you out of the blue beautiful brows coming through! @cristiana.ioana. rocks the perfect natural brow look created with: pro palette the new star of your brow show brow microfilling pen is key for the look of microbladed brows! no glue needed! make the dream become reality! maximum volume and length within seconds with our extra strong and waterproof magnetic lashes. watch this tutorial to discover our magnetic eyeliner lashes kit! december 7th: today, we treat you with tips and tricks from the best @thevalgarland. get ready for pro advice on how to obtain extra voluminous lashes with mascara discover the beauty series haute intensité from the dior magazine winter edition shot by @craigmcdeanstudio. model @lavieislit makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling @tesspsn hair by @damienboissinothair nails by @elsadeslandes set design by @jm.bertin dior forever matte 3w dior forever skin correct 2w flash luminizer 004 dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson 5 couleurs couture golden nights 089 black night diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown diorshow on stage liner 091 matte black diorshow 24h stylo 040 sparkling black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge dior golden nights 481 hypnotic matte dior contour 882 ciel rose collect them all! revolution are giving you a free palette when you spend £30€30$30 on revolutionbeauty.com there are 4 to collect!⁣⁣ be quick, whilst stocks last! tap link in bio to shop now 1 eyeshadow palette 3 eye looks. with our eyeshadow palette n°2 nude you can create plenty of great eye looks. swipe left to see them all. look 1: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the shade macadamia as basis on your eyelid and highlight your crease with the color milkshake. continue by applying the nuance hazelnut on the outer third of your eyelid and the shade caramelized on your inner eyelid. apply the shade caramelized inside and hazelnut outside on your lower lash line. after that apply the shade marzipan as highlight in the inner corner of your eye and on your eyebrow arch. finish it with our amazing effect mascara. look 2: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the shade cappuccino as basis on your eyelid and the shade rust on your moveable eyelid and blend the edges with the color cappuccino. apply the shade cacao to darken your lash line. after that highlight your lower lash line with the color cappuccino, rust and cacao and apply the shade cream to highlight the inner corner of the eye and your brow arch. finish it with our amzing effect mascara. look 3: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow shade cream as a basis on your eyelid and the color cappuccino on your crease and the outer third of your eyelid. highlight the lower lash line with the shade cappuccino. to highlight the inner corner of your eyes and your brow arch apply the eyeshadow marzipan. finish it with our amazing effect mascara. image credits: @beauty.by.miri omg how’s this even possible? i want her lashes! @wakeupandmakeup that powerful pout by the strong, confident stunning @lottixbeauty in el cinco de mayo @krisgrikaite grikaite is wearing a burgundy and gold makeup look for the festive season. shot by @craigmcdeanstudio makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling @tesspsn hair by @damienboissinothair nails by @elsadeslandes set design by @jm.bertin dior forever 1n dior forever skin correct 0,5n flash luminizer 001 dior forever cushion powder 001 dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorific golden nights 073 dark sparkle dior contour 962 poison matte diorific vernis 997 dark nights brighten her mood this with cheerful shades of lipstick a shade for every mood attitude: rebellious rose 420, carnal 520, eccentric 260 and insolent plum 450. tap to gift now! the highlighter that started it all. champagne pop, our best-selling shade, a soft golden highlighter with pinky-peach pearl that works on any skin tone. comment below and tell us when you discovered champagne pop. are you ready for this? introducing our new mascara lash it loud! volumize, amplify and define your lashes with its molded brush that coats every lash with intense black pigment. launches 129 for beauty squad loyalty program members and 1211 for non-members signing up is easy! start your week off right hydrate nourish your skin while providing the perfect canvas for makeup with our hangover skincare! available @shoppersbeauty. your favourite allure palette now gets bigger the forever limitless allure has everything from soft neutrals, warm browns, and deep berry hues in a mix of soft-matte and creamy shimmer formulas what other forever flawless palettes do you want us to supersize? tell us in the comments below monday mood: or @ayocoralie you don't wanna miss out on this extra pro tip from @thevalgarland for longer, fuller lashes with lash paradise mascara and tattoo signature 24h liquid liner. glamour, glitter and shimmer! sometimes we have to admit that more is more! have you already tried our awesome eyeshadow jewels?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box trio limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ metallic lip jewels n°40 extravagant⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ for the holiday season, @lavieislit dons a sparkly smoky eye look and a touch of shine on the lips. shot by @craigmcdeanstudio makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling @tesspsn hair by @damienboissinothair nails by @elsadeslandes set design by @jm.bertin dior forever 3w dior forever skin correct 2w flash luminizer 004 dior forever cushion powder 001 diorskin mineral nude matte 06 banana dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson 5 couleurs couture golden nights 089 black night diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown diorshow 24h stylo 040 sparkling black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorific golden nights 070 dazzling beige dior lip maximizer 103 pure gold diorific vernis 997 dark nights pigment has entered the chat @paletteaddict swatches our ultimate utopia shadow palette available online at nyxcosmetics.com giveaway closed! congrats @kristenpayes, @jazzieemadeit, @casseebone, @princesskay725, @zenimc! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 2⁣⁣ for day 2 of we're giving five lucky winners.... @sweetchefskincare ginger vitamin c serum shot @sweetchefskincare kale vitamin b fresh-pressed sheet mask @sweetchefskincare tumeric vitamin c booster eye cream @frankbod original face scrub @frankbod lip scrub @bybibeauty bakuchiol booster @bybibeauty mega mist hyaluronic acid facial spray @lanolips 101 ointment multipurpose superbalm how to enter: follow @morphebrushes @sweetchefskincare @frankbod @bybibeauty @lanolips like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 12820 at 10 am pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. take your pick– it's a this season, we’re dreaming of piled high and getting cozy by the fire with family and friends. in collaboration with illustrator @izakzenouillustrationist, our holiday collection features gorgeous illustrations that conjure up memories and feelings of holiday cheer. what's on your shot by @craigmcdeanstudio for the 32nd edition of the dior magazine in a golden and festive universe for the end of year celebrations. model @krisgrikaite grikaite makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling @tesspsn hair by @damienboissinothair nails by @elsadeslandes set design by @jm.bertin dior forever 1n dior forever skin correct 0,5n flash luminizer 001 dior forever cushion powder 001 dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson 5 couleurs couture golden nights 549 golden snow diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge dior golden nights 999 diorific vernis 997 dark nights gorgeous midnight sky look by @roseandben with holiday collection! get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we want to see your flawless with our challenge head over to @makeuprevolution tiktok to join!⁣ show us your bare faced and fully beat makeup looks using your favourite forever flawless palette. how gorgeous is @bexcxmpbell, her look is inspired by the forever flawless affinity palette the perfect holiday look? this rosy glow created by mua @carlygiglio @ultabeauty original loose mineral foundation na'kai's shade is neutral dark 24 bareskin complete coverage serum concealer na'kai's shade is tan warmth all-over face color bronzing powder gen nude eyeshadow palette in rose strength length serum-infused mascara brow master sculpting eyebrow pencil na'kai's shade is coffee gen nude patent lip lacquer in dahling @lavieislit shines in a gold and red makeup look for the holiday season. shot by @craigmcdeanstudio makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling @tesspsn hair by @damienboissinothair nails by @elsadeslandes set design by @jm.bertin dior forever 3w dior forever skin correct 2w flash luminizer 004 5 couleurs couture golden nights 549 golden snow diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown diorshow on stage liner 091 matte black diorshow 24h stylo 040 sparkling black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorific golden nights 071 glittery rose diorific vernis 649 splendid pink starting the week off right with some sultry glam! @ziyanimazeeha serves this look using some of our faves: born to glow radiant foundation can't stop won't stop contour concealer dewy setting spray ultimate utopia shadow palette epic ink liner how do you spell perfection? @smithadepak she shaded defined her brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black! get your sun-kissed glow and 10 off sitewide with our blushing in bali 6 color blush highlighter palette and @yoatzi’s exclusive code: yoatzi have you tried yet?? let us know benefits: get 15 off your next order, just for joining earn points by shopping online and in morphe stores score perks like b-day gifts, early access to sales, and exclusive events redeem points on all your must-have products!! sign up over morphe.com only! experience the luxurious and sensorial at home hair-spa day with the chronologiste ritual! this range combines advanced technology with extreme luxury to restore revitalize your scalp, roots, lengths and ends! discover this range at www.kerastase.com for the festive season, @krisgrikaite is wearing a golden brown smoky eye look and nude lips. shot by @craigmcdeanstudio makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling @tesspsn hair by @damienboissinothair nails by @elsadeslandes set design by @jm.bertin dior forever 1n dior forever skin correct 0,5n flash luminizer 001 dior forever cushion powder 001 5 couleurs couture golden nights 549 golden snow diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow 24h stylo 640 satiny gold diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorific golden nights 070 dazzling beige dior contour 223 beige lumière diorific vernis 997 dark nights diorific top coat 001 golden snow you asked, we listened complete your camo collection with our new camo cc cream launching 129! pairs perfectly with our new complexion duo brush. what you need to know: 20 shades full coverage with a natural finish broad spectrum spf 30 packed with skin-loving ingredients $14 set your alarms for 129 and use the to sign up for beauty squad for early access it’s y'all treat yo' self and grab all morphe x @jaclynhill 10 pans for $5 each more stocking stuffer goodies on morphe.com morphe stores! quick! if you could only use 1 shadow palette for the rest of your life, what would you choose? play up your christmas glam with the sugared plums sugary pink shades in this go-to party palette! our sugar plum fun set also includes a travel-size lip injection lip gloss and deluxe shadow insurance primer! true colours episode 5 chanel believes in expression through colour. since 2018, chanel beauty has been working on a project which explores the interpretation of different shades of colour. this interview series captures the unique personalities and perspectives of friends of the house. we are pleased to share with you the fifth episode starring the charismatic @adesuwa. today only, score 50 off full-size on benefitcosmetics.com with code: holybrow plus, check out directly in the app get the deal in instagram shopping by tapping the product tag! @gabrielle.shoots @sabinasocol exudes cherry bomb charm wearing our collection. artistry by @haroldjames using the eye-conic palette in cherrific and mascara. photography by: @pierarnophoto closed calling all butter gloss babes! we're treating 1 lucky beauty their friend to our limited edition diamonds ice, please butter gloss vault here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 2:00 pm pt on december 7, 2020 and ends at 2:00 pm pt on december 8, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. our limited edition beautiful absolu, with its gorgeous exterior packaging designed in collaboration with the is a celebration of 35 years of the original beautiful perfume. tap to shop our new take on beautiful now. the andy warhol foundation for the visual arts, inc. used with permission of @warholfoundation feeling festive? leave nothing but cheerful emojis @dupethat @halloweenkween true colours to the question: “what colour do you think of when you think of silence?” @adesuwa answers: “like a sky blue.” watch the entire true colours interview in our feed, where @adesuwa explains how she sees the world through colours from nails to the future. if you could have an endless supply of any product, what would it be? sound off in the comments @flatlay2slay make it a mascara monday. we’re giving away a velvet noir mascara to 20 lucky winners! how to enter: follow @marcjacobsbeauty like this post tag a friend in the comments each tag counts as an entry closed. winners have been contacted via dm on december 11th. no purchase necessary. open to residents of the 50 united states, d.c. must be 18 years or older to enter. ends on december 10, 2020 at 11:59pm pst. odds of winning depend upon number of entries received. total of 20 prizes approx. value of us $27 each available to be won. sponsor: kendo holdings, inc. when we say everyone, we mean everyone. ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation is available in 42 shades of lightweight, full coverage. find your shade @sephora @sephoracanada. what's one holiday treat that you must have to set the season hot coco candy cane gingerbread man @sarinanexie⁣ what is your go-to nude? for a glossy moment we love our butter gloss in 'madeleine' cop this delicious shade staying warm and cozy this season doesn’t mean you can’t stay glam. @themarcjacobs shows us how it's done. swatches heaven give them a taste of your wild side in our ultra-pigmented vegan extra clean naughty shadows @makeup.just.for.fun the squad gettin’ ready. and we feelin’ right! @justmaiko e.l.f. on the housetop on repeat all season long check out our e.l.f. the hauls holiday album on @spotify and @applemusic can’t take our eyes off of you @shelbylistonmakeup completes this beautiful eye look using: 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel goof proof eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown hoola matte bronzer @beautybyadayah completes this magenta with a swipe of our butter gloss in 'creme brulee' all eyes on @iluvsarahii she perfects her gorgeous glam with our born this way super coverage concealer shade almond. just got who needs when you can get your hands on right on our site?! only for a limited time @adamrayokay ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 7 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the hangin' in hawaii 16 color shadow palette by tagging 3 friends below who could use a tropical vacay right about now 1 winner will be announced 1210 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @budgetbeautydiary congrats @thailertwinmakeup favorite song right now?! comment it below we’re creating the ultimate holiday spotify playlist! featured: cheek stars reunion tour palette december 8th: can you guess who is pictured here? we asked our beloved spokes to share some throwback photos from their childhood! who’s joining our forever flawless challenge? show us your look using for a chance to be featured @aerin’s top tip for a beautiful table scape? a perfume at your guest’s place setting! add a scented surprise to your decor with ambrette de noir, a warm amber floral with a blend of rich, velvety florals. welcome to the dior men fall 2021 show! want to go backstage with dior makeup? stay tuned for more... get ready for serious eyelash batting! mega volume mascara plumps and intensifies your lashes, while keeping them healthy with vitamin e oil. get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com the l’huile de parfum is @tucsiii’s favorite fragrance oil to use after her blow-dry for a finishing touch of shine and softness! this blend of tea rose, light woods and musk with an oleo-extract of myrrh wraps the hair in a sensual and subtle fragrance. delicately scented and visibly shiny, your hair reaches a new level of beauty. new shades of our no budge shadow sticks dropping 129 for beauty squad loyalty program members signing up is free and easy and 1211 for non-members these creamy shadow sticks are perfect for easy-to-apply metallic eye looks that last all day shade names top to bottom: golden goddess copper chic magnetic pull rich amethyst midnight sapphire blue steel bronze metal metallic mocha use the to sign up for beauty squad to get early access on 129 rose quartz has got us thinking pink. the neutral, pale pink highlighter with soft golden pearl gives a natural, luminous glow to the skin, and can multitask as a blush or eyeshadow topper, too. best brow hack ft. soap @nicolecosgrove the palette that will take you from daytime dreamy to nighttime sultry. who else can't get enough of our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette?! forever flawless fire and ice palettes, which one is your fave?⁣ drop a in the comments for fire and a for ice healthy, glowing skin with just a touch of sparkle. we're wearing this easy look all month long. full look details below. mua: @carlygiglio original loose powder foundation carmen's shade is medium beige warmth all-over loose bronzing powder gen nude eyeshadow palette in rose use shade free spirit on lids and soul on lash line strength length serum-infused mascara gen nude patent liquid lipstick in shade dahling grooming at the dior men 2021 show: a natural look that emphasizes clean, luminous and flawless skin. get the look of the show below! dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale energy creme dior backstage face body primer 001 universal dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow new rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural 1, 2, 3...surprise! did you guess correctly? let us know if you did! giveaway closed! congrats @beardedbeauty29! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 3⁣⁣ on the 3rd day of we're giving one lucky winner.... our pr box: 10g glsen up artistry palette⁣ a better whirled 6-piece brush collection⁣ lip gloss speak out pride continuous setting mist⁣ morphe pride lunch box morphe pride tube socks how to enter: follow @morphebrushes @glsen like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 12920 at 9 am pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. just shine and glow! with our 3 eyeshadow palettes a dream comes true. products shown top to bottom:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow palette n°2 nude⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow palette n°4 burgundy⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ tis’ the season for a giveaway! winners have been contacted via dm we’re so excited to partner with our friends @dagnedover to give two lucky babes a mega prize pack psst..including brand new products that haven’t even launched yet! prize pack includes: let’s play, that’s my jam, light my fire, kitty likes to scratch mini palettes, hangover pillow cream, lip injection maximum plump, better than sex mascara, hangover 3-in-1 setting spray, and the pinkish micah crossbody, large hunter toiletry bag, and a large landon carryall! here is how to enter: like save this post⁣⁣ follow @toofaced, @dagnedover, and @jerrodblandino⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣ us intl giveaway ends 1210 at 11:59pm pst winners will be contacted via dm. good luck! drop your most used purple emoji to celebrate this slayage from @charbarker the perfect icy pink @thetaylorcherie puckers up wearing our limited edition diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'royal clapback' ultimate diamond transformative energy creme is the gift that keeps giving from first touch this rich velvety creme reawakens your skin's radiance while reducing multiple signs of aging. say bye to dry, dull winter skin. and say hello to a healthy, glowing complexion all season long. ho ho hooray it's day 8 of our 31 days of giveaways! we're giving away 20 palettes head to our bhcosmeticsofficial to enter and win listen to me now show us your flawless looks with our challenge on tiktok! @illuminarty is absolutely glowing! tag a friend to let them know limited-time left to grab all morphe x @jaclynhill 10 pans for $5 each find more $5 stocking stuffer goodies on morphe.com morphe stores! running out of mascara totally sucks! stock up on our bestsellers while they’re just $12.50—today only our full-size mascaras are 50 off on benefitcosmetics.com and right here on instagram! just tap on the product tags to start shopping directly in the app! exclusive avant-premiere of the brand new rouge dior couture baume, available on dior.com for 72 hours! the star of the dior men fall 2021 backstage: the new rouge dior satin balm, composed with 95 natural-origin ingredients, will hydrate your lips for 24 hours. link in bio! available in selected markets. rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural revive your hair with the sérum universel the purest, most powerful manifestation of the revitalizing range. inspired by caviar as a precious life source, it utilizes biomimetic caviar technology to protect and maintain powerful actives at their purest potency. experience 32 of scalp elasticity for supple, healthy hair with a youthful bounce. now with the sérum universel ournew lash it loud mascara launches tomorrow! why you need it: boosts volume, amplifies and defines lashes intense black pigment molded brush grips every single lash only $6! use the to sign up for beauty squad loyalty program so you don't miss out make gift-giving simple with our glam gift guide. with gifts under $30, $40 and $50, there are fabulous finds for all your friends and family. link in bio to shop. a new lippie a day keeps the doctor away @laulaucstr switches it up with the help of our limited edition diamonds ice, please matte lipstick vault available online at nyxcosmetics.com rosa-approved products that are sweet as can be lemme find out about this sugar bundle: includes: chillin' in chicago 16 color shadow palette smoke 'n mirrors 10 piece brush set bh liquid eyeliner stellar lash mini mascara all for just $41.30 $59 value the shade 'covet' from our limited edition diamonds ice, please diamonds ice, please matte lipstick vault is serving major baddie energy snag this limited edition bundle online at nyxcosmetics.com pamper yourself this holiday season with @aerin’s rose collection. these best-selling essentials will help keep your skin hydrated all winter long. indulge in the rose hand body cream and rose lip conditioner to moisturize and soothe while reinvigorating your spirits with a calming rose tap to shop! @samuel.rayy breaks down this bursting with color inspired artistry step by step using the: morphe @lisafrank palette @plouisemakeupacademy base shade rumour 01 0 @beautybakeriemakeup lollipop liner drop alllll the colorful emojis to boost this post palette available online select morphe stores @ultabeauty online! in the wise words of @deja.zhane, treat yourself! brighten you day and add a little bling to your look with our limited edition diamonds ice, please collection deja serves this icy slay using our diamonds ice, please shimmer body oil diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please on the rise ornament diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'left on read' have you used prep polish lip scrub yet? drop a if you have! it's packed with shea butter, coconut oil, and jojoba oil, this lightweight formula exfoliates, conditions, and smooths lips for a perfect lip color application. how to use: start with clean lips and swipe until you have a decent amount on your lips continue to apply for first time use until you feel the exfoliation begin. use your finger to gently massage the scrub in circular motions. remove the lip scrub with a tissue or use a damp washcloth. stay glossed up this holiday with 3 mini lip glosses that add a multidimensional prismatic sparke to the lips. @sephora @sephoracanada the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit includes: sparkle, a vanilla with rainbow pearl foiled, a cool pink with red pearl facet, a lilac with blue and pink pearl psa: blush and highlighter aren't just for your cheeks! @madeleinemua shows how she accented her eyes and made her cheeks glow with mega glo blushlighter in shades i met someone and flash me get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com build up the radiance you want with our o!mega glaze luminizer in gilty. watch the full tutorial on our storieshighlights to achieve this glowing look. artistry by @morganemartini featuring @madamealexandra. get a free kale vitamin b fresh-pressed sheet mask w any order of $20 on @sweetchefskincare products on morphe.com w code ohsheet. kale vitamin b fresh pressed sheet mask key benefits: an ultra-hydrating sheet mask drenched in a full bottle of antioxidant-rich kale vitamin b serum for an instantly hydrated and glowing complexion kale is rich in antioxidants, which helps protect and nourish, while vitamin b improves skin hydration by attracting and holding moisture silky, lightweight, safe-for-skin rayon fabric which blinged out product from our diamonds ice, please collection is on your holiday wish-list? available exclusively at @ultabeauty the whole look is immaculate @laviedunprince served up these using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! sleigh all day with volumizing dramatic lashes. drop a below if you would love to find our better than sex mascara in your stocking this year! no shame in her naughty game p.s. get your gifts on time and order before 9am pst tomorrow, 129 for domestic standard shipping options! @shamelesslydia you are not ready for this one new camo cc cream launches tomorrow on elfcosmetics.com! pairs perfectly with our new complexion duo brush. why we love it: 20 shades full coverage with a natural finish broad-spectrum spf 30 packed with skin-loving ingredients $14 use the to sign up for beauty squad to get early access on 129 a generous dose of shine is exactly what we need this holiday. consider our o!mega glaze luminizer your shortcut to sunshine. pro artist @beccalynzmua slays this vibrant using some new and og faves here's the breakdown: jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please shadow jelly in 'a lister silver' epic wear liquid liner in 'red' glitter primer shaped glitter in 'cosmic love' on the rise volume liftscara epic wear liner stick in 'magenta shock' diamonds ice, please highlighting palette diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'on the rocks' diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'that's fire' matte setting spray say it with us: no create your suitable christmas look. with our eyeshadow palette n°2 nude this gorgeous look can be yours. watch all steps by swiping left! step 1: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow shade macadamia. to set a brow highlight and for the inner corner of your eye apply the light shade cream. step 2: apply the brown shade cappuccino on your crease. this lovely color is also applied on your lower lash line. step 3: continue with your eye lid by applying the eyeshadow bronze- for the inner corner of your eye the amazing shade marzipan creates this little wow effect. step 4: it's time to take care of your outer v also called the last third of your eye lid. the two shades hazelnut and rust are applied. for your lower lash line apply the eyeshadow haszelnut as well. your look is almost done! now, finish off by applying some lovely lashes or apply some mascara. image credits: @makeupbyevva @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup on the grooming at the dior men fall 2021 show: to blur out any imperfections, i used dior backstage face body primer 001 universal, then evened out the complexion with dior backstage face body foundation in shades matching each skin tone. for touch-ups, dior forever skin correct was applied. eyebrows were tidied up and structured, for a clean, natural effect, using diorshow brow styler and diorshow pump'n'brow. lastly, lips were hydrated with the new rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural, a lip care balm with a universal transparent finish containing 95 natural-origin ingredients. dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale energy creme dior backstage face body primer 001 universal dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow new rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural december 9th: do you need a helping hand in finding the perfect gift? we've got some great ideas! shoot us your questions in the comments below! the perfect gift for christmas is waiting for you! get 50 discount on this prefilled palette! we love this adorable combination of eyeshadows and blusher. it is limited so make it yours! products shown upper top row to lower down row:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ glow powder n°3 silk road⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°162 pearly chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°12 chocolate cake⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°29 pearly light beige⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°531 matt brick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°19 rosy caress blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ they don't know that we know that they know @mavalsanca is bringing some of the best looks from the revolution x friends 3d eyeshadow palettes.⁣ which one is your favourite or 2020 has been such a self-love journey for me! wishful made me realize i don’t need to always edit my selfies and that the skin i have is beautiful, even when it doesn’t look like a filter you know i love that finish don’t get me wrong, i’m always striving for self-improvement but i'm ok with showing you guys the real me, what you see is what you get. just great lighting on point! comment your go-to mascara below! reposting these beauties @ncsheen @ryvaaa @aamaziingsara @fifiiflawless @aniastrojny mascara volume side vs one of the leading mascaras online which side is your fav? love you baby @monakattan ready for a gorgeous winter glow up? @stylesbyvero knows how to help you look your best during the rest of the festive season, using some of our tune in to vero’s at 1pm est today to learn how to get the full look! shop vero’s winter beauty look: sculpting eyeshadow in fiery saffron: https:estee.cm3m4k82c futurist hydra rescue foundation: https:estee.cm2vvsxdm sculpting lipstick in 524 peerless​: https:estee.cm37pf1zc exclusive avant-premiere of the brand new rouge dior couture baume, available on dior.com for 72 hours! the star of the dior men fall 2021 backstage: the new rouge dior satin balm, composed with 95 natural-origin ingredients, will hydrate your lips for 24 hours. link in bio! available in selected markets. rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural light up the night with glitter highlighter duos pictured: now or nova get it @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com camo cc cream is now live on elfcosmetics.com for early access with free shipping! pairs perfectly with our new complexion duo brush. why we love it: 20 shades full coverage with a natural finish broad-spectrum spf 30 packed with skin-loving ingredients such as niacinamide, peptides and hyaluronic acid! $14 use the to shop! this glam is everything @ccclarke gets her flawless finish with our born this way foundation shade golden beige. “pivot!” our friends x revolution collection has been spotted in @ultabeauty stores! thank you to lisa tiktok beautyandthecandy for sharing! have you seen it in any of your local stores around the world, tag us so we can see our favorite gift to give or to get: foundation! we put it on once and don't think about it twice! with 24-hour long-wear plus it is mask friendly transfer-resistant, and sweat and humidity-resistant you can virtually and irl. comment with your shade below if you love double wear! giveaway closed! congrats @alleyrenee1121, @herrnandezavalos, @christina.hunt, @kassreynolds, @sirenamystique, @catdadgolz, @fireelooks, @bayleenicole18, @katartika, @hachley18! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 4⁣⁣ for the 4th day of we're giving ten lucky winners.... our 2020 collection: 35xo natural flirt artistry palette out a pout sweet tea lip trio out a pout berry necessary lip trio brush lust 10-piece eye brush set bag mist me, mist you continuous setting mist duo everlasting love premium lashes trio how to enter: follow @morphebrushes like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121020 at 9 am pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. finding the perfect gift for the special people in our lives can be difficult, but we're here to assist you every step of the way. simply, ask us in the comments! it's time to show expressive lips! our sensational metallic lip jewels catch the light and create a glamorous finish. have you already tried our metallic lip jewel n°48 glamorous red? comment down below if you love this shade. image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ we only have ice for @whitneykshepherd and her she wears precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! what’s more festive than gold? add a flash of warmth to any holiday look with prosecco pop, a true, ethereal golden highlighter with rich bronze pearl. glossy or matte lips? give that pout some super shine with our never-sticky, ultra-smooth formula that leaves you with the shiniest lips around @bellaboxaunz ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 9 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our love in london 16 color shadow palette by tagging 3 of your fave travel buddies below! 1 winner will be announced 1212 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! congrats @sofialovesmakeup kiss the winter blues goodbye though 2020 is coming to an end, there is still time to try a fun winter beauty look like a dramatic eye paired with perfectly glowing skin, and @stylesbyvero is here to show you how! tap to view the full igtv and shop vero's pro artist @makemeupchris shares our new spring 2021 products: marshmellow smoothing primer lift snatch! brow tint pen brow glue instant brow styler shine loud high shine lip color available now on nyxcosmetics.com happy haulidays @mmmmitchell's holiday haul will get you glammed-out and self-cared-up this season on morphe.com only! who are you buying one for? drop a if self-care is the best care or for everyone on your nice list for a limited-time grab free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com includes: glammed out: 9h hot for hue artistry palette @plouisemakeupacademy blank canvas continuous setting mist color pencil sweet tea color pencil bite me m441 pro firm blending crease brush ee27 pro round blender brush m502 round blender self-care in: prep polish lip scrub @lanolips 101 ointment multi-balm minty @patchology single flash patch eye patch @frankbod mini face scrub @banilacousa clean it zero: 3-in-1 balm travel doesn't cake, crack, or wear away throughout the day yes, even with a mask!. @rosalierouge on the lasting, natural matte finish of barepro 24-hour liquid foundation. only $23.80 during the @ultabeauty holiday beauty blitz. need more pore? now’s your moment—all full-size porefessional primers are 50 off, today only on benefitcosmetics.com instagram! just click the product tag to check out! @evestyle82 get instantly sexy lips that last from mistletoe to midnight and beyond with our lip injection extreme ornament! it contains a travel size version of the iconic lip plumper you love. available @macys! could there be any more lipglosses? this is your chance to collect all the characters -which shade do you want?⁣ @blendedbeautyblurbs @radmilasad shares with us her luxurious at-home beauty ritual with chronologiste! what’s your routine? tell us in the comments down below. it's here our lash it loud mascara is now available on elfcosmetics.com! volumize, amplify and define your lashes with a molded brush that coats every lash with intense black pigment for only $6! use the to shop and sign up for beauty squad for early access! just dropped shop our spring 2021 launches now at nyxcosmetics.com what are you snagging? add instant warmth to your complexion with o!mega bronze coconut perfect tan. find our cult-favorite bronzer and other on marcjacobsbeauty.com. our global artist @nobswithanna and our manager of product development @makeupbymilessss answers all your questions around our newest launch. loving @ivanbaaaaah's masculine twist on the classic eyeliner he uses our new spring 21 launches to get the look! marshmellow smoothing primer marshmellow blending sponge the brow glue lift snatch! brow tint pen in 'espresso' shine loud in 'life goals' shop the full collection now at nyxcosmetics.com what's your favorite pair of rn grab any 2 premium lashes for $18 $24 value w code lashlove at check-out on morphe.com! @nyane everything in the oui mon cherry set is the best and juiciest of the bunch, featuring a full-size coconut lip oil, mini dew drops, mini o!mega bronzer and mini velvet noir. all in a glossy cherry bag. always shiny, never sticky @frantasticbeauty applies our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'trophy life' for this bold, juicy lippie shop the full collection now at nyxcosmetics.com and @ultabeauty discover all the essentials you need for your daily skincare routine recovery from @lanolips face base trio each one is the perfect trial size. how to use: step 1: to get ready for your day working from home, wash your face with the gentle face base gelcream cleanser step 1: then apply vitamin e day cream and leave your skin bouncy, happy and prepped step 3: end your day by washing off the day with the same gentle cleanser and applying the aussie flyer flight recovery leave-on mask @jmdelore is mischievous but in our naughty 30 color shadow palette check out our stories to get his look christmas came early. snag 3 full-size products and a deluxe sample in the light up the party kit for only £35 £82.56 value only at @bootsuk. products included: full-size pressed highlighter in c pop full-size backlight priming filter full-size light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow deluxe sample of ignite liquified light highlighter what does strong mean to you? tell us in the comments! @meg.boggs who else loves our sweet tea lip liner? @iluvsarahii let’s play! can you find these 3 hidden emojis? comment the emojis you found and tag a friend to see if they can find them too! congrats to the stunning @candylover89 on winning tutorialist of the year swipe up on our stories to join her facebook page today for a special fb live between 5 and 6pm pst. plus, use her code candylover89 for 10 off our site sound on to hear how @margiezank slays a flawless and hydrated base using our new marshmellow smoothing primer cop yours today at nyxcosmetics.com our limited-edition oui mon cherry set has all you need to delight in dewy, sunbeam-bronzed skin, supple-soft lips and scene-stealing lashes. artistry by: @morganemartini on @madamealexandra. lash goals @rikkifeerrar uses our new lash it loud mascara for mega volume and intensely rich pigments for bolder than ever lashes use the to shop for $6 because every look could use a little prismatic shimmer. check out how @barbieferreira uses the becca x barbie ferrerira prismatica face palette, prismatica lip gloss kit, and light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow to add prismatic shimmer to her look. pro artist @muamartini goes from 0 to snatched with the help of our new lift snatch! brow tint pen click the link in our bio to shop the full collection the set to get this holiday season! our party curl bundle includes everything you need get ready for your zoom holiday party! available now for just $40 a $93 value! at @ultabeauty @macys @qvc @hsn @nordstrom @beautylish @urbanoutfitters @revolvebeauty @asos! set includes: full-size volumizing brow gel in shade 3 full-size mascara full-size face primer mini liquid liner silky metallic eyeshadows are waiting for you. create your personal glam look during this festive season with our eyeshadow palette n°2 nude.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 1: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow shade macadamia. to set a brow highlight and for the inner corner of your eye apply the light shade cream.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 2:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ apply the brown shade cappuccino on your crease. this lovely color is also applied on your lower lash line. step 3: continue with your eye lid by applying the eyeshadow bronze- for the inner corner of your eye the amazing shade marzipan creates this little wow effect.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 4:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ it's time to take care of your outer v also called the last third of your eye lid. the two shades hazelnut and rust are applied. for your lower lash line apply the eyeshadow haszelnut as well. your look is almost done! now, finish off by applying some lovely lashes or apply some mascara. image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ line up time! a stolen moment captured right before the start of the dior men fall show. december 10th: today, maison l'oréal paris is sharing @louisebourgoin’s vision of worth to help empower women all around the world! please never forget, we are all worth it. beauty from the dior men fall 2021 show was all about perfect grooming, created with the dior backstage routine. dior backstage face body primer 001 universal dior backstage face body foundation join shahira from @teamrevolutionbeauty i.r.l in rev life as she takes a look around her favourite @superdrug store marble arch london to show you her 2020 faves! from the forever flawless palettes to her fave concealers... what's on your wishlist? love an impromptu live? want us to do it again soon? let us know what you want to see in store! stunning sexy shades, pretty mattes dashing shimmers!! love all your looks darlings!! repost @vintynellie @nevenamaresh @iltyham @nathaliebbyy @makeupbymarco @annybeeutee @hijarbiedoll swatching slippery repost @palecanvas are you looking to nourish your hair all while leaving it with a radiant finish and luxurious fragrance? l’huile de parfum is the answer! an exceptional combination of noble notes from the world of fine fragrance tea rose, light woods and musk. illuminate and nourish your hair with l’huile de parfum from @andreaalessi.hairstylist three of our favorites which of these are you hoping to receive this holiday season, tell us in the comments below! mistletoe-ready! our mineralist lipstick holiday set features a trio of clean, universally flattering shades for berry kissable lips. get yours @sephora if anyone tries to tell you nude lip color can't be ultra-pigmented, we'll prove them wrong with mega last matte in skin-ny dipping! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com what's the thing on your holiday wish-list? let us know in the comments shop the sweetest gifts for everyone on your list at elfcosmetics.com and @targetstyle products featured: haute chocolate eyes sugar cookie palette: the ultimate warm-tone eyeshadow palette curated with 15 pigmented shades to create day-to-night looks $10 lip plumping gloss: an invigorating high-shine formula that provides a soothing sensation while it volumizes $6 poreless putty primer: a skin perfecting primer that is infused with squalane to help grip makeup for all-day wear $8 try to find a highlight shade as unique as opal. we’ll wait… pressed highlighter in opal is a neutral, white golden highlighter with soft pink pearl. @jazzmynejay wears pressed highlighter in opal. one palette, endless holiday looks. our gen nude good tidings eyeshadow palette features 12 blendable, richly-pigmented shades perfect for festive jewel-toned looks. plus, the palette is made with 100 fsc-certified paper so you can recycle it when you're through. mua: @carlygiglio join us at 3pm est today for a live event featuring @heidyasanchez on esteelauder.com, heidy will be sharing the secret to a gorgeous holiday makeup look using her favorite estée lauder products. tuning in is sure to land you on the nice list this year recreate paradise all year round with this tropical wonder the forever flawless bird of paradise eyeshadow palette drop a in the comments if you want this! plump, sexy lips with a pop of christmas color?! we're all in! top off your glam with this christmas-exclusive shade of our iconic lip injection extreme, cinnamon bear! when magic wears a name it's called magic fix! lips are there to kiss, so make your lipstick kiss-proof! promise, your lipstick will stay exactly where it belongs! image credits: @jojadasdiary thank you @louisebourgoin for lifting us up with your words of encouragement. we want to hear from you too! what does i'm worth it mean to you? giveaway closed! congrats @jessannhunt, @ariannaortiz1, @wornbyvic, @dzmrzy, @sierrarod6! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 5⁣⁣ for the 5th day of we're giving five lucky winners.... @daisymarquez make it big mascara pr box! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: favorite morphe falsie? @dupethat! good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121120 at 9:00 am pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd. it’s a miracle! you asked, and we're delivering... mark your cal because sweet shoppe is back this saturday 1212 head to our ig stories to set a reminder file this under “above-the-mask makeup inspo” @miriammelonn’s look luxe in precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! @bribri.tx slays this soft holiday glam using a few of our faves: born to glow liquid illuminator in 'sunbeam' slim lip pencil in 'nude truffle' butter gloss in 'créme brulee' jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns all month long! step into the creative wonderland of @maddieziegler with this capsule collection and let your imagination run wild. what was your favorite product from the collection? repost @huda i finally met @francinyehlke in person we have been following each other for so long i felt like i’ve known her forever! she’s so sweet gorgeous inside out! love her so much! @gabxxrielle is feeling flawless with the forever flawless flamboyance palette what is your flawless? join our challenge on tiktok and show us how you embrace your beauty another day, another slay ft. @jasmineegal she is flawless in our born this way super coverage concealer shade butterscotch. drop a if you want to see more moments like this one from @banilacousa's clean it zero 3-in-1 cleansing balm! shop on morphe.com select morphe stores! camo cc cream our new complexion duo brush flawlesswe designed our new complexion duo brush $8 to be the only tool you need to apply our camo cc cream and camo concealers. how to use: use the larger end for applying foundation and the smaller end for precise application on smaller areas you want to conceal tap to shop! the ritual encapsulates 3 of the most powerful ingredients to revitalize hair and scalp in the most luxurious and sensorial way. let’s take a deeper look at these powerful ingredients 1. hyaluronic acid: to envelope the hair in deep penetrating, hydrating nutrition that will restore life to your hair fibers and rejuvenate a dry, slack scalp. 2. vitamin e: to keep external aggressors from devitalizing the hair and scalp. it will also improve blood circulation and scalp elasticity and prevent damage from uv light, pollution and free radicals. 3. abyssine: to repair and revitalize each strand for a flawless finish. find out more at www.kerastase.com treat your lips to something sweet with our diamonds ice, please butter gloss lip trio tag a friend to drop a hint discover the must-have at dior backstage: the dior backstage face body foundation. available in a range of 40 shades boasting a lightweight, sweat-proof texture, it's perfect for hitting the catwalk! dior backstage face body foundation closed we're treating 1 lucky beauty their friend to our limited edition diamonds ice, please butter gloss lip trio here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pt on december 10, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pt on december 11, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. sweeten up the holiday season with featuring our eye-conic palette in cherrific, velvet noir at lash’d duo, and accomplice blurring setting powder. shop our glam gift guide for presents under $30, $40, and $50 on marcjacobsbeauty.com. get ready to go for this deal! our @nordstrom exclusive set includes full-sizes of our iconic matte bronzer mascara for just $20 a $55 value! @gabrielle.shoots find joy in our with best-selling fan-favorites like these, you can’t go wrong if you‘re gifting for yourself or a friend tap to shop new and sculpting lipstick in carnal 520 now. help me! i'm....feeling drop your favorite quote below and we'll pin it @keilidhmua all eyes on you in cherry hues. national artistry ambassador @christianschild used eye-conic palette in cherrific on @kristatchv. photography by: @benjaminbecker @sethobrien goes from super natural to super snatched using our lift snatch brow tint pen shine loud high shine lip color click the link in our bio to shop our spring 2021 drop now spread some light, let us know below. drop a if these colorful morphe @lisafrank swatches from @trendmood1 are hitting all the right colors what's underneath your makeup counts, too! don't forget to pamper your skin with primer focus primer serum the perfect lightweight, hydrating primer for daily use. get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com which film gets you feelin' all the feels? tell us @ellenkern.mua your lash and brow game will never be the same new enhancing lash brow serum is available now for beauty squad loyalty program members signing up is quick and easy! and on 1211 for non-members. enhance your natural lash and brow hairs with antioxidants and amino acids that create a fuller, thicker appearance to your lashes and brows for only $8 tap to shop our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'another level' is everything we've ever wanted in a pink lippie shop the full collection exclusively at @ultabeauty @chassydimitra bring the heat to your christmas glam with the 12 spicy sexy shades in our @mariale amor caliente eye shadow palette! which shade is your go-to? performance-proof kiss-proof and hair flip -proof @theonlyalaska5000 slays this longwear glam using our new shine loud high shine lip color lift snatch! brow tint pen shop the full collection online at nyxcosmetics.com @mathwithanieu gets his most natural, luminous glow using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit. three shades of our best-selling pressed highlighter in ultra-giftable packaging. ho ho hotness watch @varijstylez’s full naughty transformation on our channel bold is beautiful. our eyeshadow palette b°6 smokey offers an impressive variety of bluish shades! we love to emphasize our eyes how about you? products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey nonstop, allurin, dazzling and illusion⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @patriciakuligmakeupartist⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ happy 1st night of babes! who's ready for 8 nights of gifts?! show us how you’re lighting up all your looks this season december 11th: ever wondered what it’s like to be on the set of a l’oréal paris campaign? join us for an exclusive look at one of our recent shoots! before after only one coat of curl length on our gorgeous ashley's lashes swipe to see only one coat of volume new launch kiss goodbye to dry chapped lips with the revolution kiss care lip revival set whatever the weather, you’ll be set with this 3-step lip set formulated with jojoba oil, shea butter vitamin e for extra care and nourishment shahira from team revolution shows us the 3 steps! step pucker up and polish away dry skin with step one, the sugar polish. step give your lips a lick of love with the conditioner. step prep your lips with the enhancer available now £12€12.99$15 stunning!!! @makeupshayla @hudabeautyshop products used pic power bullet lipstick in anniversary tutorial glow coco setting spray discover the perfect backstage routine for structured, voluminous yet natural eyebrows. start by applying diorshow brow styler to define and add structure, then apply diorshow pump'n'brow to give volume and set the brows. diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow 1 eyeshadow palette 3 eye looks! swipe left to see another looks created with our eyeshadow palette n°4 burgundy. look 1: start with our eyeshadow base. the apply the eyeshadow shade haze on your eyelid and rosy cloud on your crease. blend in with the shade sophisticated and create a winged liner with the color elderberry. apply the shade me time as highlighter in your inner corner of the eye and on your brow arch. final step: apply our amazing effect mascara. look 2: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the shade rosy cloud as a base on your eyelid and apply the color muse on your crease and blend it well. afterwards, apply the shade lure on the inner third and on the middle part of your eyelid. continue with the color carpe diem on your crease. highlight your lower lash line with the shades lure and carpe diem. final step: apply me time as a highlighter in your inner corner of the eye and on your brow arch. final step: apply our amazing effect mascara. look 3: start with our eyeshadow base. then apply the shade breakout on your eyelid until your inner corner of the eye. blend everything with the color delight and apply baroque on your inner and outer third of your eyelid. create a contrast by applying the shade me time in the middle of your eye lid. blend the middle and outer shades with the color love letter. repeat those step on your lower lash line. apply the shade pearl swirl to highlight your inner corner of your eye and on your brow arch for a fully awaken finish. final step: apply our amazing effect mascara. image credits: @beauty.by.miri the most luxurious thermique régénérant provides thermal protection up to 230°c and frizz control for your hair. its formula enriched with hyaluronic acid, abyssine and vitamin e helps fight the signs of ageing hair such as dryness and thinning. apply 2-3 pumps on your dry or towel-dried hair, then blow dry with a hair dryer or straightener. offer this luxurious gift for yourself or your loved ones this holiday season to experience the luxurious and sensorial benefits of the thermique régénérant! @andreaalessi.hairstylist www.kerastase.com excess wrapping paper is one of the reasons we created recyclable holiday sets designed to look gift wrapped. it’s part of our commitment to a cleaner planet. enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. there are so many ways to use mega glo blushlighters! @westafricanbaby shows us how it's done get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com save 20 sitewide exlcusively for our insta fam, just use code: igfam at checkout for 20 off your entire order on beccacosmetics.com. have you charged your crystals today? channel the balance and stress relieving power of your favorite purple crystal with prismatic amethyst, a pale lavender highlighter with golden, violet, and rose duo-chrome pearls. eyes on. create the look with ombre première laque in vastness. step 1. apply three dots of sublimage eye cream under the eyes and tap in. step 2. using ombre première laque in vastness, colour in the eyelid with the wand applicator creating a winged-out almond shape. step 3. clean up the shape with the retractable dual-tip eye-contouring brush. using the opposite side of the same brush apply a touch of shadow along the lower lash line. step 4. apply le volume de chanel mascara in écorces to the upper lashes using a zig-zag motion. using the tip of the wand, apply to the lower lashes. get the eyes: sublimage la crème yeux ombre première laque n°32 vastness retractable dual-tip eye-contouring brush le volume de chanel n°80 écorces la palette sourcils de chanel n°40 naturel @lucangillespie forever flawless offer starts now⁣ to celebrate the launch of our tiktok challenge, we’ve dropped the price on our forever flawless palettes for you but you better be quick limited time only! now only £10€10$12 each on revolutionbeauty.com whether you’re feeling a tropical beat or you’ve got those fired up feels, there's a palette in this bestselling collection for you the proof is in the lashes use new lash it loud mascara to amplify, define and add mega volume with intensely rich pigments for bolder than ever lashes tap to shop for only $6 @samanthajaneyt from light blond to darker shades, find your matching shade of diorshow pump'n'brow, your best friend backstage for naturally voluminous eyebrows. diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow play up your glam with sparkle pops of color or seductive neutrals and top it off with better than sex mascara! our enchanted beauty unbearably glam makeup set is perfect for any makeup lover on your list. giveaway closed! congrats @ajwokeup, @kourtneyhoyt, @mspitbullmom, @trm2004, @yvonneee8, @myaawalker, @creationsby.kari, @sabrinabarker, @ambergrr, @scbrice89! thank you to everyone who has participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 6⁣⁣ for the 6th day of we're giving ten lucky winners.... the morphe x @nikitadragun collection pr box: artistry palette brush set @dragunbeauty dragunglass liquid lip 3 shades @dragunbeauty transformation face powder @dragunbeauty dragunwing eyeliner how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @dragunbeauty like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121220 at 9:00 am pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd. and the countdown begins, 2021 is around the corner! may it be a year that is as light as air! the new lift snatch! brow tint pen comes thru for those perfect micro hair like strokes @makeupwithivan slays snatched arches using the shade 'black' paired with our control freak eyebrow gel shop this dynamic duo online at nyxcosmetics.com deliciously versatile, our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific effortlessly shifts from daytime neutral to nighttime daring. wow how gorgeous is this edit by my baby @medusabeautyy you guys are soo talented ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 11 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the so extra lip gloss duo by tagging 3 friends below who can't live without their coffee 1 winner will be announced 1214 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @sarahjessicamakeup congrats @glambyyari before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns all month long! @mmmmitchell brought the beat with this epic collection of edgy, earthy shades, luxe brushes, and hit-making lippies. what is your favorite piece from the collection? our number one new is the gift that keeps on giving! in just one dropper, skin looks radiant and plumped. this give a gift that helps skin glow with holiday cheer! consumer testing on 543 women. check out all the vitamin c benefits from @sweetchefskincare's ginger vitamin c serum shot: vitamin c is an antioxidant, which means it protects your skin from damaging free-radicals⁠ this also means it works great with your sunscreen to provide even more protection⁠ this ingredient has been proven to help lighten hyperpigmentation, both from the sun and acne⁠ it also helps to even your skin tone for a bright, healthy look⁠ the above is probably due to its anti-inflammatory properties, too!⁠ get a free kale vitamin b fresh-pressed sheet mask w any order of $20 on @sweetchefskincare products on morphe.com w code ohsheet. do you use in your routine? tell us!⁠ beauty gifts for everyone on your list not just for christmas, get prepped for birthdays next year or maybe just for yourself? new gifts dropped at huge savings vs value more stock of our bestsellers added tap link in bio and head to the gift section now hi brows!! @graceanne slays this full brow moment using our new brow glue paired with our lift snatch brow tint pen she completes the look with a swipe of our shine loud high shine lip color shop our full spring 2021 drop online at nyxcosmetics.com make every morning a mini moment now through 1224, score 3 minis for $30 at @ultabeauty with over 20 minis to choose, you just can’t lose! this holiday season, revitalize your hair from scalp to tip with the most luxurious at-home hair care routine. combining advanced technology and a luxurious sensoriality, will give you an indulgent experience that helps to achieve the most beautiful, vital head of hair possible now, tomorrow and forever. live beyond time with chronologiste. find out more here at www.kerastase.com are you green with envy because you couldn’t lick up the pistachio palette when you had the chance?! she’s baaaack in less than 24 hours eyes on. get a glamourous graphic eye-makeup look with the new ombre première laque in vastness. using the wand applicator, colour in the entire lid creating a point at the outer corner for a cat-eye effect. smudge some shadow along the lower lash line using the retractable dual-tip eye-contouring brush. coat lashes with le volume de chanel mascara in écorces for a full bronze effect. get the full look: sublimage la crème yeux ombre première laque n°32 vastness retractable dual-tip eye-contouring brush le volume de chanel n°80 écorces les beiges water-fresh tint les beiges healthy glow sheer colour stick n°23 la palette sourcils de chanel n°40 naturel rouge coco flash n°53 chicness @lucangillespie gearing up for a busy weekend of binge watching drop your faves below the skincare set that you need in your life rn the your b.right to party holiday set features: full-size facial cream full-size brow conditioner mini primer fun-size eye cream available for $44 a $90 value! at @hsn, benefitcosmetics.com and right here in the ig app! just tap on the product tag to start shopping deck the halls with lots of lipstick! these festive shades of are perfect stocking stuffers, sure to make a statement. what’s your favorite shade for the holidays? shades from l to r: naked desire 122, slow burn 130, bold face 332, and complex 380 stocking stuffers our bite-sized gingerbread spice salted caramel eye shadow palettes are perfect for creating looks anywhere, anytime! need some holiday gift inspo? these $10 gift sets are perfect for the makeup lovers in your life candy coated lip set: includes four of our best-selling lip plumping glosses and lacquers for the ultimate in high-shine and luscious lips. a sight for sweet eyes set: includes three eyeshadow duos and our eyeshadow c brush perfect for creating multiple, versatile eye looks. psa: last day to shop for guaranteed delivery by 1224 is 1215 on our site! available online and in stores @targetstyle tap to shop! a current obsession: @kathleenlights in a cherry romantic eye look using our eye-conic palette in cherrific. discover our instantly hydrating ultimate lipstick love in our spark the light best sellers kit full of becca favorites at the an unbeatable holiday value. the spark the light best sellers kit includes: backlight priming filter to blur and diffuse skin for instant illumination. ignite liquified light highlighter for a transfer and water resistant pearlized glow for the face and body in shade passion, a pale, incandescent pearl that reflects gold. ultimate lipstick love provides rich colour and instant moisture, in shade orchid, a cool pinky plum. @makelaup’s artistry on @rennedyksllll in the palette is we'll the best comments @nyane's glam is a literal dream she uses our epic ink liner to add the finishing touch! mistletoe ready can you guess which tint this is? for for for for for p.s. tap on the product tag to find the correct answer! turnin' up the heat with my eyes, my lips, my face featuring @justmaiko and @thebadwiggies listen to jingle bells and other e.l.f.ed up songs on our e.l.f. the hauls holiday album on @spotify lush cherry and cream-like neutrals make our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific supremely balanced, utterly wearable and sure to satisfy all your cravings. what's your favorite product from the collection? @madisonbeer channel surfing artistry palette @madisonbeer lipgloss @madisonbeer shimmer highlighter @madisonbeer luminous setting spray channel surfing 6-piece eye brush set @karenncamargo bold, bronze and modern. get the look essentials: ombre première laque n°32 vastness le volume de chanel mascara n°80 écorces sublimage la crème yeux @makeupbymeve is the definition of icy with this frosted she uses our face body glitter in 'silver' epic ink liner to slay the look @malaeakina from becca creative gets ready for a zoom date using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette on her face and eyes for a full look. get the look: face: apply hued all over the eyes, into the crease, and under the lash line. swipe glimmer all over the lid. press prismify into the inner corner using your finger. eye: blush the cheeks and nose with hued. highlight the cheekbones using prismify. all we want for christmas is @nazaninkavari's flawless complexion! she wears our born this way super coverage concealer shades vanilla butterscotch. @maddieziegler @charlidamelio are dialing it up with a buildable wash of color for cheeks and lips both are the same formula! from their collections! what are your fave color combos? we're loving this vibrant look by @cheskacampbell she uses our epic ink liner to complete the look inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week every week, we will be sharing some of our favorite looks from our e.l.f.ing amazing community! make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week ‘tis the season to treat yourself everything on benefitcosmetics.com and in our instagram shop is now 30 off! plus, get free shipping with code: verymerry through 1214! the baddest christmas tree we ever did see recreate @caitlinrraine’s look with the pistachio palette restocking tomorrow!! and get 10 off everything sitewide with her code caitlin the texture of these brows is everything @margiesstyle defined the shape of her brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 3.75 warm medium brown and created hair-like strokes with brow microfilling pen! style up for ourselves! this year christmas and new year's eve will be different but our makeup looks will be still amazing! matt and slightly shimmering colors are waiting for you! if you are looking for a christmas gift our eyeshadow palette n°2 nude will be a great choice! december 12th: who wants to look extraordinary this holiday season? it's easier than you think! has all of the beauty products you need to make it happen. treat yourself! back in stock! the revolution 196 stars eyeshadow palette! yes, you read that right 196 shades so you will have a colour for every festive occasion and for next year too! you're solid gold baby!! so gorgeous @arazytik @biancatudorr makeup by the talented @claudianeacsu @bexcxmpbell @alzz.khanom @nostalgicb3auty @haifasana @maishakhanom @ghezalsempire available exclusively on @cultbeauty sparkle during this festive season! in love with this stunning look? make it yours! products used: pro tip brow liner n°34 blonde tip eyeshadow n°503 matt black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°860 metal auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bask in the luxury of an at-home kerastase ritual and rejuvenate your hair from roots to tip with the luxurious enter a world of with @biancabrandolini. discover indulgence and luxury with ultimate diamond collection infused with our exclusive exclusive avant-premiere of the brand new rouge dior couture baume, available on dior.com for 72 hours! the star of the dior men fall 2021 backstage: the new rouge dior satin balm, composed with 95 natural-origin ingredients, will hydrate your lips for 24 hours. link in bio! available in selected markets. rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural we gave our no budge shadow sticks a glow up new shades of our no budge shadow sticks are now available on elfcosmetics.com! get long-lasting, metallic eye looks with these easy-to-apply, creamy shadow sticks for only $5 tap to shop sustainable gift boxes no wrapping paper required. our holiday sets feature fun, whimsical designs that act as an eco friendly alternative to wrapping paper. that means less waste sent to landfills. have you joined our challenge over on tiktok yet? find the challenge by searching the hashtag!⁣ which forever flawless palette is your favourite? drop a comment below and tell us who has tried this? i failed miserably @huda tiktok foodiemy bring your locks and tresses back to life with our luxurious extraordinary oil! enriched with a precious blend of 6 flower extracts to keep your hair looking soft, shiny and weightless! giveaway closed! congrats @melaniedykman, @glaamerrz, @autumnraedalton, @classichennessy, @jaimeeebabee! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 7⁣⁣ for the 7th day of we're giving five lucky winners our minis kits that are... mist me mist you continuous setting mist duo make it big mini volumizing mascara mini continuous setting mist mini blush, mini bronzer, mini highlighter @danessamyricks the dew wet balm and beauty oil mini kit @frankbod shimmer scrub @banilacousa mini clean it zero cleansing balm original @lillylashes like a diamond ornament set @grandecosmetics 2 step lash system @grandecosmetics grandelips travel size hydrating lip plumper how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @danessamyricks @frankbod @banilacousa @lillylashes @grandecosmetics like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121320 at 9:00 am pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd. ask for the moon explore an exceptional selection of fragrance, skincare and makeup for the holidays with chanel gift lists. lick. it. up. sweet shoppe is officially back.in.stock but only for a limited time, so go snag your stack while you can! just dropped experience total control with this precision waterproof gel eyeliner that glides on for ultra-smooth, razor-sharp killer lines that last for 36 hours! our new killer liner is available in 11 shades! get it first @sephora! go for bold pops of cherry hues. recreate this eye using the eye-conic palette in cherrific in shades extra, cherries, and on top, then highlight the brow bone with o!mega glaze. artistry by @federicamakeupart. need a last-minute holiday gift?! we’ve got you our cheers, my dears holiday set is $50 a $111 value! and includes: full-size face primer full-size mascara full-size matte bronzer full-size in shade 3 shop it now at @qvc, @hsn, @revolvebeauty and benefitcosmetics.com and directly in the instagram app! just tap on the product tag to get started issa we’re treating lucky beauty to the ultimate music festival experience we’ve partnered with @fusergame are giving away a copy of fuser, a gaming console, and a bundle of our diamonds ice, please essentials here are the deets: follow @nyxcosmetics @fusergame like this post tag a friend it's that easy! fuser rated teen by the esrb. us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pdt on december 12, 2020 and ends at 9:30 am pdt on december 16, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited everyone has a bold lip babe inside them...find yours with our mega last high-shine matte lip colors pictured, in order: tanger-ring the alarm high-shine, think pink matte, strawberry lingerie high-shine get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwild.com how do you self-care on your weekend? let us know @byelysejadecostello is using @frankbod's ultra-hydrating glow mask last day to grab free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com and last day for standard delivery shipping by 12.25! tonight we’re applying the luxurious ultimate diamond mask noir to give ourselves a moment of indulgence and selfcare. tap to shop and join us. happy saturday my loves go to @huda to see the full look! comment below if you want full product deets pucker up with our diamonds ice, please lipstick pro artist @muamartini wears the shade 'highkey' shop it for a limited time on nyxcosmetics.com give good, do good. our limited-edition joyful color gen nude eyeshadow palette comes with 6 universally flattering shades and eco friendly packaging. @stellablucosmeticboutique last day to save 20 sitewide exlcusively for our instagram followers, just use code: igfam at checkout for 20 off your entire order on beccacosmetics.com. a classic highlight with an on-trend twist. pressed highlighter in rose gold is a rosy pink highlighter with warm, golden pearl, the perfect way to add light to any makeup look. @monicarosemua’s got these on lock she fills in her brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! the boys playing with the camera just a few minutes before the dior men fall 2021 show. they're ready for the catwalk! we don’t think you understand, we are obsessed @lsgmakeup nailed the challenge using forever flawless bird of paradise palette have you joined? we can’t wait to see your version of flawless for the ones on your list who are passionate with self-care and finds their me-time sacred, treat them with the chronologiste holiday gift set. the exceptional ritual with chronologiste combines luxurious advanced technology and unique sensory experience for the perfect relaxation spa at home! this is the gift to enjoy that quality me-time in the most luxurious and satisfying way! your loved ones or yourself will gladly give up a saturday night out for a relaxing bath and revitalizing hair ritual! www.kerastase.com flavor of the week: wanna play? tag a bestie who would love this lip injection lip gloss shade! @soolmuaz be demanding. ask for the moon. discover special chanel services for the holidays. @noraattal @aymelinevalade @dibaamaty eeny, meeny, miny, moe which shade from our diamonds ice, please lipstick collection is on your list? @beautyofquince we're counting down to the holidays 1215 is the last day to get free shipping on our site to receive your order by 1224 shop holiday gift sets in stores and online @targetstyle @targetstyle cherry-top your holiday cheer with our juiciest collection yet. these limited-edition essential sets are ripe for the picking. oui mon cherry set skincare sundae set tempting trio mini eye lip set blacquer cherry 2-piece mini eye set available @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. to our u.s. followers: if you place an order today, 1212, we’ll ship it by ground for free and you’ll have it by 1224. read between the lines @gemsrodri in the belgian waffle 6 color bronzer highlighter palette start your search for the perfect holiday gift now. @noraattal @aymelinevalade what's your inner temperature? are you... fire or ice @drianbautista literally stunned by this swatch of our limited edition diamonds ice, please shadow jelly pro artist @mainmua swipes on the shade 'diamonds in the sky' available at @ultabeauty and cheek cheek hooray! get our full-size mini palettes for 40 off now exclusively at @sephora and benefitcosmetics.com! plus, tap on the product tag to check out directly in the ig app! enter a world of experience two exquisite serums fused together for one extraordinary transformation with ultimate diamond dual infusion serum. perfect, sculpt and lift your skin with the power of this infused formula. @biancabrandolini add a little color, a pop of shimmer, and a swipe of gloss w the fresh set makeup bundle. this set includes: wondertint cheek lip mousse in fyp jelly eye shimmer in confetti glassified tinted lip oil in extra glaze last day to grab free shipping on orders of $35 on morphe.com! grab it for $22 $31 value on morphe.com! crystalize your eyes with our diamond ice jelly shadows @evsyukovamua swatches the shades ‘a-lister silver’, ‘strike a rose’ ‘rust worthy’ available at nyxcosmetics.com and @ultabeauty that glow tho... @mayamua is using our mega glo blushlighter in i met someone to achieve her perfectly scultped, glowy cheeks get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com which celebrity crush is currently giving you butterflies? let us know @laaweup lined up this butterfly artistry w the liner inspired by @raggedyroyal. give the of hydration this christmas! everything in our holiday hangover set is infused with hangover's signature hydrating coconut water skin-loving ingredients. congrats to our winner @alteregoartistry 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing starting today! day 1: win a full size of our wow brow gel how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 13 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. ho ho hooray closed it's day 12 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our midnight festival 10 piece brush set by tagging 3 friends below who would love a virtual rave tonight! 1 winner will be announced 1215 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! congrats @beautiferyoo all you need is a little shimmer, glitter, and ice here are the deets on how kehlani slays this diamonds ice, please jelly shadow in 'diamonds in the sky' diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'gem storm' diamonds ice, please highlighting palette shop the look exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @walmart accessorize your eyes with the eye-conic palette in cherrific. add a swipe of and cherry-pop your pout with in oh miley! to complete your holiday look. artistry by: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra the perfect glowing holiday look courtesy of @hazelbeauty89 on lips on cheeks in deep brown matte bronzer volumizing mascara december 13th: and we're back again with another throwback quiz! who do you think this sweet little girl grew up to be? take a wild! let's gooo... new launch alert did you see our latest drop from @iheartrevolution last week? i heart revolution has turned up the love on their heartbreaker palettes and have created an extra-extra-ordinary mega version that’s giving us all the feels introducing the new total heartbreaker eyeshadow palette with 40 highly pigmented matte, metallic and shimmer shades introductory offer on now for £10€10.99$15 at revolutionbeauty.com limited time only double-tap if is the prettiest palette you’ve ever seen @beautyblogshan from backstage to on stage! for this dior show, discover the creative collaboration between @mrkimjones and the artist @kennyscharf. stay in, glow up. you may not be going anywhere, but you can still celebrate with this glam holiday look by mua @carlygiglio. her tip: create an effortless soft, smoky liner look by layering an eyeshadow shade over pencil liner. skinlongevity long life herb serum pureness soothing light moisturizer barepro performance wear liquid foundation spf 20 gabriela’s shade is toffee 19 barepro 16-hour full coverage concealer gabriela’s shade is tandark neutral 12 brow master sculpting eyebrow pencil gabriela’s shade is coffee strength length serum-infused clear brow gel gen nude eyeshadow palette in rose shade boho on lid inner corner and shade stargazer over eyeliner lasting line long-wearing eyeliner in shade absolute black strength length serum-infused mascara gen nude powder blush in shade call my blush barepros lipstick in shade petal whether you are looking for an everyday look or an expressive eyelook with the eyeshadow palette n°2 nude you can easily create your individual makeup look with 18 matching shades. products used: eyeshadow palette n°2 nude: cacao, muffin and bronze⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @patriciakuligmakeupartist⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ stunning babe!!! @xthuyle comment your go-to products below my loves products used: @hudabeautyshop water jelly hydrating primer skin finish foundation stick eyeshadow palette easy bake setting powder build and buff foundation brush cicaflash, the super hyaluronic acid shot of care for your blonde hair! this opalescent milky gel with a soft lavender hue offers the restorative performance of a masque with the lightweight finish of a conditioner. it intensively restores sensitized hair, nourishing the fiber. the combination of hyaluronic acid and edelweiss flower instantly smoothes, strengthens and softens sensitized lightened hair while providing deep nutrition. ideal for all blondes, cicaflash restores the hair fiber, preventing breakage and erosion. hair is soft and moisturized while remaining lightweight and luminous. discover this powerful routine with the highest hyaluronic acid concentration at www.kerastase.com inspired by the shimmer and sparkle of the holiday season, the looks you can create with the 12-pan good tiding gen nude eyeshadow palette are endless. indulge in romance this holiday season with @aerin's rose de grasse. this rich floral parfum is the perfect finishing touch to elevate your holiday look. who else is coveting rose de grasse this season? enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. so many glo-rious ways to glow with our highlighting powder...have you tried them yet? get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com immerse yourself in the dior men fall 2021 backstage show. follow @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, and all the dior models. get ready to be a backstage insider! ask for the moon give the perfect gift. discover an exceptional selection of fragrance, skincare and makeup for the holidays with chanel gift lists. @noraattal comment your favorite purple emoji @leilanikeaa used our putty eye primer in black to make this look pop and last all day long tap to shop for $5 peach your heart out, babe! we just launched our new ultra-nourishing, buttery peach bloom lip balm color adapting, lighter-than-air peach bloom lip cheek tint that blossom in color to your unique body chemistry! they come in juicy candy colors, are so easy to use, and they give you a gorgeous, luminous glow. giveaway closed! congrats @beautybyfal, @annalizemila, @reginalluna, @linakhalifa, @arnuss47, @jessgua7, @glambydiyana, @juliettem, @its.miiichellee, @larialvarez! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 8⁣⁣ for the 8th day of we're giving ten lucky winners.... @madisonbeer channel surfing artistry palette⁣ @madisonbeer lipgloss⁣ @madisonbeer shimmering highlighters @madisonbeer luminous setting spray⁣ @madisonbeer channel surfing 6-piece eye brush set⁣ @madisonbeer collection pr box w ar effect!⁣ how to enter:⁣ follow @morphebrushes @madisonbeer⁣ like this post⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣ bonus entry: favorite @madisonbeer product?⁣ good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends on 121420 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd. bare faced or when you’re fully dressed @giorginajuanita is using the forever flawless ice palette to manifest her flawless leave a below if you love this palette! baby, it's hot inside at @ultabeauty! head to your fave location to grab these festive af treats all for 25 off the wait is over! watch till the end to find out which one of our spokes is behind this adorable baby photo! gift yourself with a little light this season with pressed highlighter in moonstone, a pale, incandescent golden highlighter. it's perfect to pop onto your inner corner to open the eyes and make them appear larger and more awake. closed for the lippie lover we're treating 1 lucky beauty their friend to a bundle of our limited edition diamonds ice, please collection here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on december 13, 2020 and ends at 9:30 am pt on december 14, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. dare: can you comment the letters b-r-o-w-s in 5 consecutive comments below without getting interrupted?! indulge in this luxurious duo for your hands: apply hand creme for deep hydration. for your eyes: apply re-nutriv ultimate diamond eye creme to help lift your under-eye area while brightening and firming, too! tap to shop and experience now. what do you want for the holidays this year? tell us @makeupmabell brought in the holly jolly spirit w the palette it’s never too late to ask for extra cherries on top. indulge your cravings with our limited-edition collection. do you look for a perfect eye makeup for christmas or new year's eve? well, this is your must-have product! our liquid glitter eyeshadow brings total sparkle on your eyes. use we look forward to your stunning glitter looks for christmas new year's eve!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ how far would you go to find the perfect gift? explore an exceptional selection of fragrance, skincare and makeup for the holidays with chanel gift lists. @aymelinevalade currently livingggg for this soft glam moment by @kay.yarms here's the tea: micro brow pencil can't stop won't stop concealer in' golden' can't stop won't stop foundation swear by it shadow palette sweet cheeks creamy powder blush in 'bang bang' bare with me prime set refresh multi-tasking spray slim lip pencil in 'cappuccino' lip lingerie in 'dusk to dawn' check out all the vitamin a benefits from @sweetchefskincare's beet vitamin a serum shot sheet mask: skin texture like dry flakes⁠ clogged pores that won’t go away⁠ blackheads or whiteheads⁠ a few fine lines you def didn’t invite to the party⁠ get a free kale vitamin b fresh-pressed sheet mask w any order of $20 on @sweetchefskincare products on morphe.com us only w code ohsheet. new new new complete your look with sexy, playful color that says game on with our new let's play mini palette, killer liners, peach bloom lip balm, peach lip cheek tint, top it off with better than sex falsie lashes! available @sephora, @ultabeauty, and toofaced.com! ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 13 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the much-demanded pistachio 8 color shadow palette by tagging 3 friends below who can't wait to live the green dream 1 winner will be announced 1216 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @phanie.bb congrats @avatarling what is on your christmas wishlist this year? comment below and let us know! we might grant some wishes too gloss or matte? have 'em both with our diamonds ice, please lip lingerie trios available online at nyxcosmetics.com give the perfect gift. discover the comet list by chanel. makeup creations for a fan of colour. @noraattal @tooleybeauty swipes on our limited edition diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'gem storm' to slay this perfect vampy lip this or that: candy canes or lollipops? @t.rinluck ate this look up and left no crumbs @rogermuru looks snow damn good wearing goof proof eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown for full, fluffy brows! from the editorial to the everyday, voluminous lashes suit all the roles you play. mua @lotstar used major volume mascara on @laurahansonsims for @vogueportugal. photography: @jamienelson6 styling: @karenlevittstylist nails: @chuenails makeup assist: @kashalassien this limited-edition duo comes in a floral scent? grab our mist me, mist you continuous setting mist duo rn for the holidays on morphe.com morphe stores! which dazzling shade of our diamonds ice please, lipstick has you hypnotized? @evsyukovamua mega. volume. our lash it loud mascara has intensely rich pigments and a sleek, flexible wand that hugs every single lash with both vertical and horizontal bristles to amplify, define and add dimension tap to shop for $6 who will you be kissing under the mistletoe this year? or @hollierose.mua brought the holly jolly spirited using the palette in lover have you heard?! new products just landed and we are here for it! be a pretty kitty in feline inspired purrrfect neutrals paired with bold pops of color like on our babe @krishkreations! get the look! kitty likes to scratch mini palette⁣ peach bloom cheek tint shade guava glow⁣ peach bloom lip balm shade lilac nude⁣ killer liner shades black chocolate⁣ better than sex lashes style sex kitten⁣ with this trio, your lash game will never be the same. maximize wear with then, maximize volume with or maximize length with mascara. santa bb, hurry to @ultabeauty tonight nice 16 color shadow palette let it glow 4 color highlighter palette @fryncesca a celestial cutie @sourandnasty applies our shaped glitter in ‘electro’ to complete this starry-eyed congrats to our winner @desibumblebeemue 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 2: win a full size srsly satin lipstick in shade taffy how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 13 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. name 3 products on your wish list in the comments below we just might pick a few of you to win it! @lifeshehas beauty @dilansabah lifts and adds volume to her lashes using our badgal bang! volumizing mascara travel size mini! every woman is a strong and confident goddess awaken yours! if you want to make an expressive and self-confident statement, eyeshadow jewels are the right choice for you. recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ take a look behind the scenes at the dior men fall 2021 show rehearsal! december 14th: don't just lift it, revitalift it our revitalift filler 1,5 hyaluronic acid serum lifts your skin all through december month. just a few drops and you will gain youthful-looking skin. a day without serum like @revolutionskincare which eye glam inspo is your go-to? reposting these stunning looks by @makeupbyevva @eeerinr @nessasunshine @stephnavales @ohhmels @hemali.mistry contouring under foundation hack by the beautiful @nakitaglowup in tan lips so gorgg by @makeupbygunesh @tarabarzz @somuchsimone @lottixbeauty @minniemcgee @bloss0m @millionlipsticks drop some if you're loving these stunning glam! @makeupbygunesh wearing @hudabeautyshop x melted shadows in cinnamon toast wow! your are goals my loves!!! comment your fav mascara below repost @fatimaaldoseri @basicgaia @makeupmars @glowinriss chloe widera @makeupemalii @cinderellamdy @mkeuptime give the perfect gift. discover the stardust list by chanel. luminous creations for a radiant woman. @dibaamaty @vanduccini shares with us her night routine with the sérum how to apply: 1. apply 1 to 2 pumps into your lengths before going to bed 2. braid your hair or put them up in a bun. this will decrease friction with the pillow 3. wake up to natural loose waves and perfectly hydrated, smooth hair what’s your night beauty ritual? tell us in the comments down below! who is that, looking so fine in the mirror? it's always you when you're wearing lip colors pictured: mega last high-shine in strawberry lingerie get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com transport yourself to a life of with every application of our luxuriously silky and elegantly light ultimate diamond dual infusion serum. tap for your ticket to heaven. get that just came from playing in the snow look putty blush has a cream-to-powder formula with a semi-matte finish that melts into the skin for a natural glow. apply putty blush with our new putty blush brush for an air-brushed effect tap to shop putty blush in maldives $6 and putty blush brush $4 waking up to a radiant complexion starts with a soothing bedtime routine. here’s how @glowwithava preps her skin for sweet pureness gel cleanser skinlongevity long life herb serum skinlongevity long life herb night treatment discover the beauty series of the latest issue of @fthowtospendit shot by @brigitteniedermair. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup model @kimschell styling by @isakountoure hair by @petergrayhair nails by @elsadeslandes dior forever 1w forever skin correct 00 1w diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow 24h stylo 040 sparkling black diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown 5 couleurs couture golden nights 089 black night rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson dior backstage glow face palette 004 rose gold dior contour 060 première rouge dior golden nights 458 paris why be a pigeon, when you can be a flamingo? feel flamazing with the forever flawless flamboyance flamingo palette don’t miss out on the forever flawless offer! flock to 18 highly pigmented eyeshadow shades to create your prettiest eye looks yet get the look that's totally your jam! these sexy, cool shades are inspired by fresh-picked berries and smell like berry jam. tap to shop! giveaway closed! congrats @ssydneyssmith, @ori.thekoolest, @clarkesmomma, @earth2jada @lala..loopsyyy! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 9⁣⁣ for the 9th day of we're giving five lucky winners... @patchology all the feels moodmask kit @frankbod original coffee scrub @humnutrition hair sweet hair how to enter:⁣ follow @morphebrushes @patchology @frankbod @humnutrition like this post⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣ bonus entry: how do you treat yourself? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends on 121520 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd. up it goes and right into your arms! lift your december month with revitalift filler 1,5 hyaluronic acid serum the closer we look, the more it sparkles! our eyeshadow palette n°4 burgungdy offers plenty beautiful shades! are you also excited to create your festive look?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ drop your top fave 2 product @abbyroberts a flash of lash brilliance struck @haroldjames when he created this stunning look on @karenjoigny using mascara and eye-conic palette in cherrific. our epic ink liner is ready to take on the holidays, wbu? shop our limited edition diamonds ice, please epic ink liner online at nyxcosmetics.com kiss-proof meal-proof starbucks holiday cup-proof -proof what else can our long-lasting lip cheek tints withstand?! comment below! @han2lounge dry, dull winter skin doesn’t stand a chance against our smoothness bare haven soft moisturizer. this formula immediately boosts your skin’s moisture levels. plus, antioxidants from st. john’s wort and a blend of peptides and ceramides smooth the appearance of your skin’s texture. @lostwithkristen swatches so nice, you'll want to buy this palette twice for you your bestie! p.s. nice is officially sold out on our site... grab yours @ultabeauty for 25 off! @browngirlfriendly forget a “walk of shame,” this longwear eyeliner passes the “walk of fame” test! our new killer liners are waterproof, transfer resistant, non-flaking and last for 36 killer hours available in 11 shades @sephora. embrace your beauty like @chloeandcosmetics with the forever flawless affinity palette what’s your go-to forever flawless palette? @beautybypol slays this sultry smokey eye using our epic ink liner retractable eye liner in 'black' cicaplasme work as a protective and repairing weapon on your blonde. it protects your hair from external damages and aggressions and from the heat up to 230°c. it also has a powerful repairing power with an instant fiber healing and its exclusive lightweight formula unifies damaged areas for less breakage and sealed ends. comment your blonde hair need and we will give you the solution! alert we're treating 2 icy beauties their friends to our advent calendar 12 day lipstick countdown here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pt on december 14, 2020 and ends at 12:30 pm pt on december 15, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 14 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the iconic take me back to brazil palette by tagging 3 friends below who are the life of the party! 1 winner will be announced 1217 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @rodillasmakeup congrats @ooohmyglam warm tones @makeupbyjesi wears our hydrating camo concealer for hydrating and long wearing full coverage tap to shop for $6 we can’t take our eyes off of @crystal.partida and her products used: precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black goof proof eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black brow microfilling pen 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel hoola matte bronzer fauxnomenal lashes in the blink of an eye. experience major volume and the look of thick, false lashes with mascara. tag a who needs to sign up for benefits: get 15 off your next order, just for joining earn points by shopping online and in morphe stores score perks like b-day gifts, early access to sales, and exclusive events redeem points on all your must-have products!! sign up over morphe.com only! @chanteljeffries wears our new shine loud high shine lip color marshmellow smoothing primer lift snatch brow tint pen to slay this effortless, everyday glam click the link in our bio to shop the full collection the substance of light. le vernis in 773 chaîne d’or. a sparkling golden colour for intensely shiny nails. happy birthday @barbieferreira it's becca spokesperson barbie ferreira's big day. she spent the whole year inspiring others by showing what it means to and we can't wait to see what the coming year has in store for her. drop your most used pink emoji to celebrate this slayage from @jvanityxo tapped into: concealer in shade c4.15 bronzer in supreme blush pop of peach lip liner in bar lipstick in babe have you ordered our new shine loud high shine lip color yet? she doesn't budge, bleed, or fade and she's vegan! don't get fomo and click the link in our bio to order it now our is infused w ingredients to condition, the unique blue shade preps your lashes! benefits: preps lashes for ultimate volume⁣ conditions lashes for mascara application⁣ intensifies the color of mascara⁣ grab the primer make it big mascara both for $17 $22 value for a limited time on morphe.com select morphe stores! satisfy your sweet craving with the sugar plum-scented shades in our sugar plum fun makeup set! it includes a limited edition travel-size lip injection lip gloss and deluxe shadow insurance, too! makeup: fierce. mood: fearless. mua @aimeetwistartistry created a striking black cat eye on @katharinanikelski using in blacquer. lashes loaded with take it over the edge. photography by: @irinabshestakova hair stylist: @nadiawebberartist when your lips need some love, our hydrating core lip shine in cheery is here for you these tinted lip balms give a sheer wash of color to lips while the heart shaped core provides lip nourishment tap to shop for $6 caution: major shine ahead @jieasa applies our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'another level' for this glossy pink moment shop the full collection at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty quick q! do you use in your lip routine? y or n @charmiejanee spotlight on blacquer. our bestselling condenses the intensity of a gel-pot liner into the sleek ease of a pencil. only the best for badgals our badgal to the bone holiday set is available now at @macys for $30 a $68 value! includes: full-size volumizing mascara full-size matte bronzer mini face primer she's a triple threat sleigh all day fan brush eye trio $15 $19 value pairs perfectly with naughty 30 color shadow palette $29 the perfect pair @doseofbeauty defines and lines her brows with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil and gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel! accentuate your eyes! deep colors paired with beautifully shimmers and sparkles create definitely a wow effect! have you tried our eyeshadow jewels already? image credits: @natascha.lindemann december 15th: once again we invite you to take a wild guess! who of our spokes do you think this adorable child is? let us know in the comments! @skarlaali is wearing a gold and shimmery look. shot by @brigitteniedermair for @fthowtospendit. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @isakountoure hair by @petergrayhair nails by @elsadeslandes dior forever 8n forever skin correct 4w 6.5n diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black 5 couleurs couture golden nights 549 golden snow dior backstage glow face palette 005 copper gold rouge blush 555 rose dolce vita dior contour 962 poison matte diorific golden nights 073 dark sparkle dior lip maximizer 105 copper gold must-have: bain lumière, the hyaluronic acid shampoo. its formula, ideal for all blondes, gently cleanse and hydrates hair from root to tip. enriched with a potent combination of hyaluronic acid and edelweiss flower, bain lumière’s formula has high concentrations of antioxidants to prevent damage and protect the fiber. hyaluronic acid deeply hydrates blonde hair, smoothing the fiber for a uniform touch along hair strands. hair is luminous with natural shine and prepared to be treated. @friserpl how majestic are the new shades in the forever limitless allure palette? we have supersized the original forever flawless allure, and bought you 27 never seen before shades do you want to hear a secret? if you head over to revolutionbeauty.com right now there might be a deal on it! don't miss it do you agree that blue shades are fascinating when we create a stunning eye look? thanks to our eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey for this adorable finish. step 1: start this eyelook with our eyeshadow base. then apply the eyeshadow shade center on your crease. apply the light shade chalk for the inner corner of your eye. step 2: apply the strong bluish shade nonstop on your inner corner, your outer v the last third of your eye lid and on your lower lash line as well. blend everything with the eyeshadow shade center. step 3: continue by applying the greyish shade atmosphere on your middle and lower lash line and on your eye lid. blend everything by applying the bluish shade alluring.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 4:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the final step is already there! apply the strong blue eyeshadow midnight on your inner corner of your eye, your outer v and your lower lash line. for the inner corner of your eye apply the light shade illusion. finish of your look by adding some lovely lashes or applying mascara. image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ say goodbye to yellow tones, brassiness and color fading with the luxurious holiday gift set! thanks to its ultra-hydrating formula and anti-brass agents you’ll recover your bright and illuminated blonde in no time! and goodbye to hair-fall with the anti-fall routine tag here who should offer you this kit for the holidays! @zasalon this look is straight fire on @shantaniabeckford top off your glam with sexy colors dramatic intrigue with our new light my fire mini palette.⁣ other products used:⁣ peach bloom cheek tint shade grape pop glow⁣ peach bloom lip balm shade raspberry flush⁣ killer liner shades gingerbread cashmere⁣ better than sex lashes style drama queen⁣ ultimate diamond transformative energy eye creme, with our exclusive black diamond truffle extract, re-awakens the eye area. our eye wand was specially developed with a finely crafted roller to give your eye area a delicate, rejuvenating massage and enhance microcirculation. how to apply: use the flat end of the massage wand to apply a pearl-sized amount to the eye area, then gently tap in with fingertips. sweep the rotating tip from the inner corner under the eye to temple—the massage motion helps increase micro-circulation and re-energize the skin’s appearance. luminous. discover sublimage l’essence fondamentale for skin that radiates health. skin looks smoother and more toned. facial contours and jawline appear redefined. watch @amodelmoment nail this festive holiday look featuring our warmth eye cheek palette, available @sephora prime focus primer serum is so smooth and hydrating, you might find yourself wearing it without the makeup! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com congrats to our winner @karla.riffle 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 3: win a year’s supply of our holy hydration! face cream! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 16 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. christmas and new year's eve will be different this year. nevertheless, we want to style up for ourselves! who is with us? join our challenge if you haven’t already and show us your flawless like the queen @ellisatlantis anyone else feeling flawless? giveaway closed! congrats @maciefustos, @vanscoldcase, @makeup049, @sarahgraham51602, @jillian13xoxo, @nerdgirlwears, @alissa.rutledge, @foreverroasting, @shaaayq, @preciouslvn! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 10⁣⁣ for the 10th day of we're giving ten lucky winners.... our main event pr box! 24m main event artistry palette lip crayon trio bring the beat by @mmmmitchell 6-piece brush collection belt bag how to enter: follow @morphebrushes like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121620 at 9 am pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. giveaway! winners have been contacted via dm we’re so excited to partner with our fashion babes @wildfoxcouture to give two lucky winners the ultimate holiday prize pack! prize pack includes: enchanted wonderland makeup set, holiday hangover set, better than sex ornament, pumpkin spice eye shadow palette, and $250 worth of @wildfoxcouture merchandise!⁣ how to enter: like save this post⁣⁣ follow @toofaced and @wildfoxcouture⁣ tag a bff they must be following, too!⁣⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣ us intl giveaway ends 1218 the winners will be contacted via dm. good luck! red is always classy! this year christmas and new year's eve will be different but we are already excited to style up and to create stunning makeup looks for ourselves. will you try our lip jewel n°30 showgirl with its shiny texture and glittering pearls? drumroll, please! let's see if you guessed which amazing human being this cute child turned out to be! closed calling all lippie lovers! we're treating 1 lucky beauty their friend to our diamonds ice, please soft matte lip vault here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on december 15, 2020 and ends at 9:30 am pt on december 16, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. discover the parisian blonde lifestyle with @sabinasocol shake it up with in earthquake. @christianschild created a captivating eye look using highliner and mascara on @annalorraineegle for photography by: @benjaminbecker your most used emoji your 2020 mood. drop it below! @cultbeauty last call order by 12.15 for rush delivery shipping by 12.25 this epic curated by @daisymarquez is the perfect gift to give for the lash lover in your life even if that lash lover is you the 6-piece lash mascara collection is only $35 $81 value on morphe.com only! includes: make it big mini volumizing mascara morphe lashes in “hollywood hills @grandecosmetics grandelash-md mini lash enhancing serum @lillylashes in miami faux mink @lillylashes black mini glue @flutterlashesinc lashes in intoxicating limited time only. while supplies last. 1,2 set! guess what is launching tomorrow... sweet, salty and gonna melt away quick who's about to look pretty in pistachio?! @kachiavang @yaama applies our soft matte lip cream in 'abu dhabi' to complete this dreamy, diffused glam which shade of our cult fave is your everyday lippie? score upgraded 2-day shipping on all orders $25 for guaranteed holiday deliver. only on nyxcosmetics.com take 50 off the packed w 39 super-pigmented shades for a limited-time on morphe.com select morphe stores! we're feelin' nostalgic what was the first product you ever owned? plus, score upgraded free 2-day shipping on all orders $25 for guaranteed holiday delivery only on nyxcosmetics.com ho ho hooray closed it's day 15 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win bubble gum 8 color shadow palette by tagging 3 friends below who love the color blue 1 winner will be announced 1218 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @bakeandglow congrats @mashatah18 the colors of the earth and ocean our earth ocean eyeshadow palette has 18 smooth, creamy, blendable, and ultra pigmented shades inspired by earthy vibes and ocean views tap to shop for $14! our current lineup for extreme length, curl and definition. delivers all you need in one ultra-luxe, longwear mascara. issa vibe global beauty director, elyse takes her glam to the next level using shade fall vibes from our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette. tap to shop this reel @sephora! come thru complexion! @manoncrisologo wears our born to glow! naturally radiant foundation as a base for this bedazzled, holiday beat @jakobejay really did that w who's your fave holiday character? state it give the perfect gift. discover the black moon list by chanel. iconic creations for a woman with a radical allure. @aymelinevalade warning: fire brows ahead @lupitalemus builds her brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown and goof proof eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown! which @lanolips multi-balm is your go-to flavor? 101 ointment multi-balm strawberry 101 ointment multi-balm coconutter 101 ointment multi-balm minty a little shine in their look, got everyone feelin' shook @thebadwiggies have you listened to our e.l.f. the hauls holiday album on @spotify yet?! @glamjaz has us hypnotized with this sultry she conceals and brightens using our born to glow radiant concealer enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. winged eyeliner intense enough for taking flight! @sn0ok is using megalast breakup-proof eyeliner get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com are you team or @itsbybrandon inspired by @charlotteroberts @abbyroberts @janellemyh @jamescharles whether you’re searching for the perfect gift or want to treat yourself, @createbeautybecca shows you how to make your skincare routine extraordinary with our collection. don’t forget to wrap up your gifting with our fave aerin fragrances! discover the scent of celebration! indulge this season with ambrette de noir, an opulent amber floral parfum. this decadent scent blends rich, velvety florals with amber and tonka for warmth and refinement. @makeupbyelliee applies our born to glow radiant concealer as a base for this luminous, everyday look what are your secrets to lit up skin? pick one: mascara or brow product?! @gabrielle.shoots blow 'em a kiss grab our lightweight and long-lasting cashmere cream comfort lipstick @ultabeauty for 70 off while they last! @nicolebhm have you checked out your lately? remember, benebabes: monthly self-exams are key to early detection treatment of breast cancer. so go ahead and feel yourself, gorgeous! @candycalderon do you would like to try something new and set a highlight with your everyday look? with the nude palette you combine delicate nuances and bronze shades with natural everyday colors!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ december 16th: ready for another pro tip with our global makeup director @thevalgarland? we surely are! today on how to prep your skin for a perfect makeup base do you want the laminate brow look with no brow tech needed? new launch alert! get that brow lamination effect at home with our 2-in-1 laminate brow. serious sculpt and staying power in just 2 simple steps create your perfect shape with our hairstroke-effect angled pencil, then laminate set your brows in place with the brow gel brush for a full, brushed up look even on sparse brows 1,2, set! are you ready to raise some brows? available now £€$7.99.⁣ tap the link in bio to shop cruelty-free and vegan @nnguyenjade is wearing a deep red look. shot by @brigitteniedermair for @fthowtospendit. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @isakountoure hair by @petergrayhair nails by @elsadeslandes dior forever 1n 2w forever skin correct 1n diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow 24h stylo 040 sparkling black diorshow brow styler 002 universal dark brown 5 couleurs couture golden nights 549 golden snow rouge blush golden nights 353 rose frisson rouge dior golden nights 999 diorific vernis 767 red wonders love her pics!!! @beautyblogshan spot a fav? comment below obsessed with your holiday glam @gabxxrielle where will you guys be for the holidays my loves? drop your city below products used: skin finish stick foundation khaki @hudabeautyshop matte and metal melted shadows limelight combines highly innovative technologies with a sensorial beauty experience. this holistic care ritual regenerates hair from the roots to the tips. experience the sensoriality of chronologiste tomorrow with one of our kérastase club members for a stay tuned! holiday cheer, whether far or near a bold red lip is the perfect pick-me-up this season plus it looks gorgeous on video chat or for a small gathering! makeup look by @esteeproemmatillman model wears lipstick in carnal 520 recycling done right. here’s how to properly recycle our eco friendly holiday palette: pull the tabs to remove the mirror and inner tray. cut off the elastic band. recycle the rest. now doesn’t it feel good to keep the planet clean? who’s in the mood for our golden peach blush?! her lashes @alaashabana96 @hudabeautyshop legit lashes mascara infinite effect. les 4 ombres in 334 modern glamour. luminous and smoky shades that are endlessly buildable for natural or intense eyes. complexion perfection @jvongphoumy wears new camo cc cream in light 210 n for the ultimate full coverage, natural finish with the benefits of skincare and spf 30 tap to shop camo cc cream and complexion duo brush for the most perfect thick feathery look swipe to see the results from laminate brow in different shades how to use:⁣ use the retractable angled pencil to create precise lines where there are sparse areas that you would like to appear fuller⁣ brush through your brows with the brow gel spoolie to set your brows in place.⁣ ️top tip: sharpen your look by adding any revolution concealer under your brows and your favourite revolution highlighter to make your brow bone pop! with 5 irresistibly smooth shades, how can you choose? luckily you don’t have to. the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica palette features 5 ultra-smooth shades blend seamlessly to add prismatic colour and light to your face and eyes. experience the sensoriality of chronologiste tomorrow at 5pm paris time 11am new york with our kérastase club member @anitadacosta for a anita will be welcoming us straight from her house in portugal for a chat about her at-home chronologiste ritual. turn on the countdown in our story to get notified and stay tuned tomorrow december 17th at 5pm paris time for anita’s bathroom conversation live! our holiday collection looks on you @vavaglam! get her look: good tidings gen nude eyeshadow palette featuring shades glisten cinnamon tea mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick trio featuring shade purpose endless glow highlighter in shade free warmth all-over face color bronzer strength length serum-infused mascara giveaway closed! congrats @eileeeen.78, @arally28, @cjeffries13, @baabeeymooon23, @savagebratzdoll! thank you to everyone who participated! 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 11⁣⁣ for the 11th day of we're giving five lucky winners.... the collection: morphe x @maddieziegler the imagination palette⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ lip cheek kits all 3 shades⁣⁣⁣⁣ dew bomb face gloss stick⁣⁣⁣⁣ how to enter: follow @morphebrushes like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: favorite piece from the collection? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121720 at 9 am pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. she can't help herself! here's a bonus tip from @thevalgarland that we are sure you will appreciate! what is your moisturizer trick? enlighten us in the comments below some things just go better together, like beauty baking! our co-founder @jerrodblandino has taken his two passions of makeup baking and has whipped up a limited edition cookie collection with our friends @bakedincolor! head over to @jerrodblandino's page to see how you can win all of these goodies! like a gel pot liner encased within a crayon, our award-winning gel eye crayon in blacquer delivers intense color payoff for the blackest, shiniest black yet. closed slacking on holiday shopping? we gotchu! we're treating 1 lucky beauty their friend to a bundle of our diamonds ice, please faves! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy! us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on december 16, 2020 and ends at 9:30 am pt on december 17, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. watch our tutorial to see all steps to create this catchy eye look. our eyeshadow palette burgundy is amazing when we talk about stunning eye looks. step 1: start with the base and apply the eyeshadow shade rosy cloud. apply the eyeshadow pearl swirl to highlight the inner corner of your eye and your brow. step 2: continue with your outer v by applying the two shades sophisticated elderberry. apply same colors on your lower lash line. step 3: blend out the outer v and your lower lash line with the eyeshadow shade wine. for the eye lid you apply the color love letter and set a highlight by using the eyeshadow legend. step 4: apply the eyeliner by using the eyeshadow shade elderberry and don't forget your essentials. with some stunning lashes and a little bit mascara your look is absoluely amazing. image credits: @makeupbyevva is brought to life in our limited-edition gift boxes illustrated by @izakzenouillustrationist! discover our options for everyone on your list by visiting our gift wonderland what's your fave shade name? @aliciajiroux is living that gloss life w happy glaze lip gloss in can't wait. this pink slay lives rent free in our minds use @vanessaannewilliams’s code vanessa for 10 off anything brow lamination at home? easy watch @grwrady set her brows into place and give them that bushy look we lust after with laminate brow tag a friend who needs this news dropping tomorrow can you really ever have enough lipstick? not with our megalast high-shine and matte lip colors get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @tooleybeauty wears our diamonds ice please, lipstick in 'royal clapback' to slay this taupe-y nude lippie shop the full collection online at nyxcosmetics.com a kissable flush of color as unique as you. pamper your lips with our new ultra-nourishing peach bloom color changing lip balm that blossoms based on your unique body chemistry! ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 16 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the poolside chic 12 piece brush set by tagging 3 friends below who are craving some fun in the sun 1 winner will be announced 1219 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! congrats @mitchie816 mission restore. le lift la crème main offers a unique sensorial experience. smoothing, toning and firming, its enveloping texture leaves a velvety finish on skin for lasting comfort. intensely nourished, hands are perfectly replenished. congrats to our winner @kimmiesglam 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 4: win a year's supply of bite size eyeshadows! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 17th at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. it's all in the details pro artist @mainmua creates this simple, floating liner moment using our diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please jelly shadow in 'a lister silver' tell us you love the holiday season without telling us you love the holiday season @annieedwardsbeauty said precision w this artistry she created using our in blank slate inspired by @glamxbrit still not over this flawless brow cheat @leneemarie uses to create brows that live rent-free in our heads @aerin loves december as an enchanting time to entertain and welcome friends to sit by the fire. amber musk eau de parfum bottles up this loving warmth set the mood with this warm, fragrant floral favorite. show of hands, who loves skincare? shop @sweetchefskincare on morphe.com select morphe stores! drop any of these if @itskaijasmine put you in the holly jolly mood look created w @beautybyjulia using: in shade hint of mocha palette me-wow our feline-inspired kitty likes to scratch mini palette is packed with purrrfect neutrals that are so naturally sexy smell like a tequila sunrise! @dajjrambo wears our born to glow radiant foundation as a base for this luminous we gotchu with that $8 brow lamination! @bribri.tx skips the salon and slays the laminated look from home using our new brow glue instant brow styler lift snatch! brow tint pen in 'espresso' click the link in our bio to shop our new spring 2021 drop which putty primer is for you? a. luminous putty primer: perfect for those who want a radiant, glowing complexion b. poreless putty primer: perfect for those who want a poreless, flawless complexion c. matte putty primer: perfect for those who want a shine-free, matte complexion d. all of the above tell us below tap to shop putty primers $8 and our putty primer applicator $6 @ericabmccleskey stays fresh snatched with our new spring 2021 drop! she slays hydrated and blurred skin with our marshmellow smoothing primer fierce, laminated arches with our brow glue and lift snatch brow tint pen click the link in our bio to shop the look @nessasunshine serving sugarplum realness gimme allll the glitter how’s your skin doing this winter? whether its dry, oily or combo, it could benefit from the barrier repairing power of our total moisture facial cream! @gabrielle.shoots regram do you need inspiration for your christmas or new year‘s eve makeup? here we go with our artdeco beauty @tscherajna and her smokey look created with our eyeshadow base, eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey and our perfect color lipstick n°818 perfect rosewood. we know that this year christmas and new year's eve will be different but we will not skip a stunning look this year. why not styling up and creating new makeup looks for ourselves? with our metallic lip jewel n°26 iridescent rose a glamourous finish is guaranteed. do you like expressive colors? winter glam @postgorgeous defines her brows using brow zings pro palette 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel, and adds warmth to her cheeks using hoola matte bronzer! want to learn more about chronologiste? @anitadacosta is welcoming us today for a live straight from her house in portugal where she will talk about her beauty ritual with chronologiste! tune in today at 5pm paris time 11am new york time for anita’s live! december 17th: this one is for all the young women out there because i'm worth it can mean many marvelous things and we simply love @ajanaomiking's reading of the iconic saying. what does it mean to you? new launch “i’m just try to help you… move on!” revolution x friends offers up some clothing items you will be sure to always get back from your ex the revolution x friends sweatshirt is a super soft pink central perk sweatshirt and is perfect for those lounging days at home or wear in your fave coffee house that gorgeous, real-skin glow @anchal so stunning baby using: @wishfulskin yo glow enzyme scrub @wishfulskin honey balm jelly moisturizer @hudabeautyshop silk balm wow look at those stunning lashes! watch the whole christmas new year's eve tutorial in our igtvs.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ that base @ruhenaxbegum sooo beautiful my love products using: @hudabeautyshop faux filter foundation stick make the nice list this year when you give the gift of glowing skin unlocks the skin’s full youth potential so that it springs back with new bounce and radiance. tap to gift and place under the tree. zoom invites adding up? this easy look will stay fresh all day long, making it our go-to for the season. our give good, do good holiday collection has the products you need plus, they're completely clean. mua: @carlygiglio featuring our primer, finishing powder lip lacquer trio: full-size gen nude patent lip lacquer in the shade major mini prime time original foundation primer mini mineral veil finishing powder what's your fav shade? beautiful shot my love @lydiafdezlopez bellísima! @paulagarciamua is using our mega glo blushlighter to create the perfect rosy glow get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com discover the magic of j'adore eau de parfum infinissime for the holidays in its new interpretation, an infinite floral that comes to life @diorparfums. j'adore infinissime eau de parfum we think eboni from team revolution has the right idea she has grabbed a coffee got her new friends sweatshirt on and is going to spend the rest of the day watching back to back friends episodes double tap if this is what you want to be doing! gorgeous @themegscahill is jammin' in our new that's my jam mini palette! drop a below if you'd recreate this look! other products used⁣ peach bloom cheek tint shade peach glow⁣ peach bloom lip balm shade peach punch⁣ killer liner shade camo⁣ better than sex lashes style doll lashes⁣ an up-close look at our good tidings gen nude eyeshadow palette. which of these richly pigmented shades are you excited to try? leave your favorites in the comments. @makeupreleaseradar smokey gray, intense black, powerful blue and purple tones create a pearly, glittering highlight during the day and in the evening. watch all steps to create this stunning eye look with the eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey. step 1: start to apply the eyeshadow shade center on your crease. for the inner corner of your eye apply the light shade chalk. step 2: apply the strong bluish shade nonstop on your inner corner, your outer v the last third of your eye lid and on your lower lash line as well. blend everything with the eyeshadow shade center. step 3: continue afterwards with your middle and lower lash line and your eye lid by applying the eyeshadow shade atmosphere. blend everything by applying the blusih shade alluring. step 4: you are almst done! apply the color midnight on your inner corner of your eye, your outer v, as well as on your lower lash line. for the inner corner the shade illusion makes this look complete. don't forget some lovely lashes and mascara to finish off this stunning eye makeup. image credits: @makeupbyevva a camo cc cream moment the newest edition to our camo family is full-to-medium coverage with a natural finish and packed with skin-loving ingredients and spf 30 works best with our complexion duo brush or camo concealer sponge. tap to shop @moodsandviews worn alone or under makeup, becca primers are wfh essentials to blur imperfections and add light to the face for a day full of virtual meetings. backlight priming filter preps skin with a lit-from-within glow in an instant. first light priming filter minimizes the appearance of dull skin and imperfections for a brighter-looking complexion. available at @sephora and @sephoracanada fresh skin is in introducing say hello to clean ingredients and super-effective formulas that make skincare simple: cleanse bubbly fresh gel-to-foam cleanser $16 detox restart detox face mask $14 moisturize total softie gel moisturizer $16 soothe lippie lullaby lip mask $9 refresh li'l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist $12 launch dates: 12.27 @ultabeauty⁣⁣⁣ 12.29 select morphe stores 1.5 on morphe.com who's naughty and loving it?! share your fiercest festive looks with us and tag @breecolter holiday plans are coming together nicely slap on the essentials from our byob: bring your own beauty holiday set and bring on the festive fun! includes 4 faves for just $40 a $93 value! available exclusively at @sephora! full-size volumizing gel in shade 3 full-size lengthening mascara full-size matte bronzer mini face primer ps. today’s the last day to order from @sephora with standard shipping get your order in time! thank you @ajanaomiking for your wise words and for being a true role model and inspiration for all young ladies around the globe as @theemfiles proves, good things come in threes! our mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick trio features these gorgeous shades wrapped in limited-edition holiday packaging that's also eco friendly. let it glow this season! give the gift of our number one new in just one dropper of new advanced night repair, skin looks radiant and plumped. pair it with moisturizer and you're golden! tap to shop gift now! consumer testing on 543 women. what every beauty babe wants to see on their christmas tree this year, are we right!? these ornaments include travel sizes of your favorites: better than sex, damn girl, lip injection extreme! and that’s on feeling flawless @lenkalul is using the forever flawless chilled with cannabis sativa palette and we’re all for it would you try this makeup look? before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns all month long! simmer shimmer @strashme is hitting all the hot notes with 2020 capsule collection! what is your favorite piece from our holiday capsule collection? 𝟙𝟚 𝔻𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝕆𝔽 𝕄𝕆ℝℙℍ𝔼 𝔾𝕀𝕍𝔼𝔸𝕎𝔸𝕐𝕊 𝐃𝐀𝐘 12⁣⁣ for the 12th final day of we're giving 8 lucky winners... a signed @charlidamelio @dixiedamelio poster brow crush tinted brow gel available in 5 shades⁣⁣ happy glaze lipgloss available in 5 shades gleamcatcher illuminator available in 3 shades l-balm lip balm available in 4 shades prep polish lip scrub how to enter: follow @morphebrushes like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: which 2020 morphe collection would you have loved to win? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121820 at 12 pm pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. head to @targetstyles for all of your last minute shopping needs treat yo' e.l.f. kit makes the perfect gift for a skincare lover set includes: superclarify cleanser: creates a gentle foam that lifts impurities from the skin, revealing a clean, smooth complexion supertone toner: a gentle daily face toner that helps remove dead skin cells to reveal a more radiant, bright complexion superhydrate moisturizer: infused with squalane, this lightweight gel quickly seeps into the skin for smooth, non-greasy hydration brightening sheet mask: brighten up with this lemon-infused sheet mask that leaves your skin looking clear and refreshed shop online and in @targetstyle stores for $15! always bold. never dull. breakthrough formula combines the intensity of gel-pot liner and the utility of a pencil in one elegant eye essential. shop our minis now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. @catarinapetrovic compliments this gorgeous graphic eye look with a swipe of our butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' slackin' on your holiday shopping? we gotchu! give the gift of gloss with the help of our diamonds ice, please butter gloss trio available online at nyxcosmetics.com give or get! some holiday glam this season at the top of our matte lipstick in carnal 520 and perfume. @iampatcortez said hi who else loves hydrating water-based tint? fresh skin, full brows, and bold liner. we love an iconic look. national artistry ambassador @christianschild makes a daring statement with winged in blacquer on model @agnessokolowska for photographer: @alexschier art direction: @christianschild photo editor: @olegretouch nail: @melynailartistj drop a if you want our giveaways to continue!! @playa's ritual hair oil contains a blend of kukui, apricot, and coconut oils that deliver essential nutrients like vitamin e, k, and antioxidants to your strands. what they do: kukui, apricot, coconut oils: restore moisture and hydrate to soften strands california sunflower oil: tames frizz and imparts shine lycopene: this natural uv protectant, extracted from tomatoes, protects hair from sun and other environmental damage the festive vibes are christmas cutie @indigotohell achieved this look using gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel roller liner! enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. have you tried our megaglo contouring palettes? with a darker shade for definition and a lighter shade for highlighting, it's the perfect 2-in-one for a flawless face. get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com why we love our new killer liners:⁣ 36 hour wear⁣ non-flaking⁣ tranfer resistant⁣ waterproof⁣ available @ultabeauty. @cydneyxcx said: tell us who you are in emojis only! we can’t take our eyes off these textures. discover so many ways to get a full eye look with the products shown: under eye brightening corrector in medium-deep light gleam primer topper in laser becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette are you ready for the drop? join us tomorrow, 1218 at 5pm pst for our first virtual concert on @triller live with @beberexha! what song are you most excited to hear her sing? click the link in our bio for more deets 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 5: win 12 of our favorite e.l.f. brushes! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 18th at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. an eyeliner that does what you want, when you want. smudge, define, or layer our bestselling for a look that stays put all day long. shop our minis on marcjacobsbeauty.com. nail perfect brows every time with warm neutrals and deep smokey hues that dazzle get your beautiful in barcelona palette @ultabeauty for 50 off while you can! @rachellekathleen au naturel @barefacedfemme tops off her no-makeup look with volumizing gel to give her brows natural-looking fullness! december 18th: don't know what to give that special someone? our elseve extraordinary oil could be the answer! ask us in the comments for more inspiration. the best gift wrapper of them all @thelumagrothe is ready to send it your way! announcement in october we announced the launch of the revolution academy to break down the barriers that prevent those disadvantaged or marginalised from entering the beauty industry. the academy aims to be an industry leader in nurturing new talent, giving crucial experience to those who have been overlooked or underserved. for our first cohort of recruits, we are encouraging ethnic minority groups or those with a registered disability to apply. is this you? at revolution, we believe that passion and commitment alone are the greatest building blocks to your career. want to join the revolution? no experience or training necessary… find out all the details and how to apply on our academy blog page head to our website and tap 'revsays'⁣ application closing date 11th january 2021 good luck! repost @huda i’m soo honored excited to be on the cover of gq middle-east as entrepreneur of the year thank you so much @gqmiddleeast repost @gqmiddleeast introducing our first gq award winner of 2020, @huda: our entrepreneur of the year. huda kattan is the iraqi that went from tennessee to the world. leading a billion-dollar beauty business through a pandemic was no mean feat but in 2020, she proved her mettle as a founder that took action where it mattered most. “i just wanted people to know that huda beauty was worthy that it was an actual beauty brand that i was worthy. hit the link in bio to read the full cover story. talent @huda photography @mannbutte styling @keanoushdarosa, @rustybeukes, @jihaeyundesign editor-in-chief @adambaidawi art director: @lorettadegoede producer @malaikanaik hair stylist @hairbyanaak photo assistant @thekevinvincent fashion assistants @zeidjaouni, @wweary production assistants @sandranajjar, @israarehman sale now on up to 50 off! tap link in the bio to shop revolutionbeauty.com this is a sale you do not want to miss out on selected products only. limited time only repost @huda @gqmiddleeast cover shoot! if your are still looking for a last minute christmas gift here you go! with your eyeshadow palette burgundy you can create many beautiful looks! products used: eyeshadow palette burgundy: wine, elderberry iconic⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @patriciakuligmakeupartist⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ smoldering sunlight. les 4 ombres in 268 candeur et expérience. warm, natural shades that are endlessly buildable for natural or intense eyes. who said gifting should be hard? luckily, @larondaelgirlboss is here to help. tune for a special live event today at 4pm on esteelauder.com, where laronda speaks on finding the perfect gift and sharing her featuring and so much more! glitter is a state of mind. for a more eco-conscious holiday season, avoid glitter. why? because it pollutes the oceans. an estimated 8 trillion microbeads stuff glitter is made of enter our oceans daily. making lashes loud @ohitsbreee uses our new lash it loud mascara for mega volume and definition with intense black pigment tap to shop for $6 flash sale! 40 off sitewide with code: surprise psst wanna know the secret to @muakarlatrevino flawless look? our 1 photo focus concealer, 2 photo focus translucent powder, and 3 megaglo contouring palette get them all @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com with 2 must-have gifts and endless ways to wear, there’s no limit to your light. get a full-face look with the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette and add high-shine, non-stick gloss to the lips with the prismatica lip gloss kit. how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get an iconic dior makeup look for the holiday season? dior prestige la micro huile de rose advanced serum dior forever 2n dior forever skin correct 1n diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black dior contour 999 rouge dior 999 j'adore eau de parfum infinissime @diorparfums and they never will. create natural, undetectable coverage with the iconic original loose mineral foundation. give your cheeks a fresh glow with our new color adapting peach bloom lip cheek tint! this lighter-than-air gel blush blossoms based on your unique body chemistry creates a custom flush of color. feeling flawless today and everyday @cakefacerj is inspired by the forever flawless constellation palette leave a below if you have tried this palette! pick one: our cookie highlighter or a cookie! by: @ohsoyummycookies so many possibilities! let us help you pick out the perfect gift, whether it's for your sister, father, grandmother, or someone completely different, ask us in the comments for inspiration. what about elseve extraordinary oil? perfect for hydration and protection. at your service! classic smokey eyes are never getting out of style! when will you try this amazing look?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used: eyeshadow n°503 matt black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ soft eyeliner waterproof n°10 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pro tip brow liner n°15 brown tip image credits: @makeupbyevva⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ giveaway closed! congrats @sierraaaaa, @makeuptravellife, @ayambor1345, @karensbeautyview, @destiny84! thank you to everyone who participated! bonus because we’re feeling generous this holiday season we’re giving five lucky winners... the morphe @lisafrank collection: 35b by @lisafrank artistry palette blend bright 6-piece brush set w bag treat me sweet 5-piece beauty sponge set case @lisafrank hoodie design will be random how to enter: follow @morphebrushes @lisafrank like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: which collectable cover is your fave? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 121920 at 9 am pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. bubblicious these lip-smacking blue hues never lose their flavor @emilyannecarden before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns all month long! @daisymarquez making a big statement as the face of our first-ever find the mini in her holiday haul box giving you large and in charge lashes that won’t flake out! what do you want to see next from tell us did ya hear? we're celebrating our new spring 2021 launches with a concert with @beberexha rock your shiniest lippie set your alarm for 5pm pst! which product from our drop will you be wearing as you sing along? @maquillageitup immediate impact. rouge coco flash in 68 ultime. a plump lipstick for luminous, satiny lips. sos you need a last minute gift don't worry, this e.l.f.ing amazing gift is available online and in stores @targetstyle with everything you need to keep your skin hydrated and your hair game what the fudge essentials kit includes: travel-sized daily face cleanser: removes dirt, impurities and makeup mini holy hydration! face cream: a moisturizer that helps brighten, lock in moisture and promote a bouncy complexion hydrating coconut mist: a lightweight, hydrating facial mist that moisturizes the skin and refreshes makeup lip lacquer in clear: formulated with vitamin e to moisturize lips while providing maximum shine 2 scrunchies: velvet scrunchies that can be used to tie up your hair or to leave on your wrist tap to shop or get it @targetstyle online and in stores for $20 using eyeshadow as a liner is one of our favorite ways to create diffused definition. mua @carlygiglio mixed shades plum and velvet from the limited-edition joyful gen nude eyeshadow palette for this perfect pop of purple. full look details below. brow master sculpting eyebrow pencil in shade coffee strength length serum-infused brow gel in shade clear joyful gen nude eyeshadow palette using shades plum, velvet and flash strength length serum-infused mascara our babe @beautybymathu is comin' in hot with the glam! she wears our pumpkin spice eye shadow palette, better than sex eyeliner, born this way super coverage concealer shade maple, melted matte lipstick shade pumpkin spice. coming this year 60 all glossy lippies for a limited-time only grab any morphe morphe 2 lip gloss for 60 off on morphe.com w code: glossboss morphe stores! @trendmood1 gifts to give or to get: glowing skin and gorgeous lip color ultimate diamond transformative energy creme for younger-looking skin lipstick in don’t stop 305 and rouge excess 304 which hugs your lips in a plush, ultra-comfortable color tap to shop them now! are you enjoying a chill friday night at home as @jodielapetitefrenchie? swipe right to find her beauty secret for a perfectly nourished and healthy hair and let us know in the comments what is your beauty secret! @beberexha wearing our new spring 21 collection is meant to be tune in to @triller today at 5pm pst to see bebe perform some of her top hits live! check out our ig story for more info on where to stream her concert bring on the golden brown tones to keep us warm this season. @katy is rocking in rococoa in this comfy, cozy look. to when the brush set sold out... twice good news is she's back for one last time on 1222 mark your cals! zoom in for something gorgeous @leesondra created soft texture definition with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! baby, i'm jealous which shade of our shine loud high shine lip color are you rocking tonight for the @beberexha concert? pro artist @xoivettea swatches the shades trophy life and lead everything join us tonight 5pm pst for our first virtual concert on @triller click the link in our bio for more deets are you team pastels or team bright colors? sound off @bbyjuan popped off on all the pastels from the palette stardust. exclusive creation les chaînes de chanel. an illuminating, intense rosebud powder for a glowing complexion. a luminous creation for a radiant woman. inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week our e.l.f. community is so talented, and here are some of our favorite looks from this week! make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week free gift with purchase, because self-gifting is important, too. get 1 free pearl glow lip tint with every $65 purchase, get all 3 shades when you spend $85 through tonight at midnight. enjoy free 2 day shipping on us, now through 1220. meet her under the mistletoe, but only with the perfect gift. lipstick’s lip shaping colors and full-on crème finish is making everyone jolly and cheerful, so there’s no doubt it’s the gift to give. tap to shop lipstick in shade 520 carnal. drop a if winter is your favorite season! @olaslabyy let is snow with her precision using the in coconut. inspired by @blendbunny you can’t fault us. in earthquake is magnitudes better than the rest. smooth glide meets waterproof longwear in this groundbreaking formula. @beberexha is ready for her concert tonight, are you? head to @triller at 5pm pst to score front screen seats to her exclusive live show comment a emoji during the show for a chance to win a virtual meet greet with the queen herself! product breakdown: micro brow pencil in 'ash brown' brow glue instant brow styler ultimate shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' modern dreamer shadow palette epic ink liner on the rise volume liftscara ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' matte setting spray shine loud high shine lip color in ‘cash flow’ drop a if @keonixzamora is shining like a bright full moon tonight. inspired by @etienneortega @kaliuchis adding this to the wish list our cheers, my dears mascara, brow, primer bronzer holiday set is $50 a $111 value! and includes: full-size face primer full-size mascara full-size matte bronzer full-size in shade 3 now available at @qvc, @hsn, @revolvebeauty, benefitcosmetics.com and directly in the instagram app! just tap on the product tag to get started if you're reading this it's a sign to rock your boldest lippie sorry, we don't make the rules shop the full shine loud high shine lip color collection exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty be your own santa and gift yourself plump, sexy lips our lip injection extreme in shade cinnamon bear has the perfect pop of christmas color, smells like cinnamon bears, and pairs perfectly with these mini faves! reduce shine, induce glow. our accomplice setting powder instantly blurs the look of imperfections and imparts a subdued glow with perfecting pearl pigment. tap to shop shade muse. who got lit this hanukkah?! share the best bh holiday gifts you received below @bwitch17 bubble gum 8 color shadow palette congrats to our winner @glowing.with.jen 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 6: win a year's supply of our liquid glitter eyeshadows! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 19 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. @evyxo is the definition of she slays flawless fluffy brows using our brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen shop this online at nyxcosmetics.com ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 18 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our truffle blush 4 color blush palette by tagging 3 friends below who love chocolate! 1 winner will be announced 1221 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @jensen.sparkle congrats @ladylabelle stargazing! this year christmas and new year's eve will be not the same but styling up and trying new makeup looks can't be missed! sometimes it feels great to style up for ourselves! our stunning eyeshadow jewels create your personal glam look! how do you like this look? get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°860 metal auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°531 matt brick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing effect mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°35 oriental red blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°30 showgirl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ december 19th: once again it is time for the spokes throwback photo quiz! who is this cute child? sharpen your eyes and leave your guess in the comments our product development team have picked their favourites products for you this december! spot our other brands too head over to our blog to find out why the team chose these products revolution precious glamour butterfly lash mascara⁣ makeup revolution sport fix fixing spray⁣ @xxrevolution metalixx gold face mask⁣ @xxrevolution gold crush shadow palette⁣ @revolutionpro ultimate crystal shadow palette adorned⁣ stay glam and feel gorgeous this christmas even at home! do you see something you like? the holiday season is the perfect time to tell your loved ones how you feel about them and what better way to show your love by gifting them perfection itself! the perfect gift! standout shades that make you the star? look to lips! we sculpting lipstick for a pop of color that gives you l to r: naked desire 122, insolent plum 450, bold face 332, complex 380 you can't go wrong with this lipstick set. stuff stockings with the barepro longwear lipstick duo featuring cozy cinnamon and new pomegranate shades. craving something hot spicy this weekend? play with the sexy, warm, and spicy shades in our light my fire mini eye shadow palette! we're celebrating by saying goodbye to 650,000 lbs of excess packaging waste on our products now we are covering only what we have to with revealing as e.l.f. packaging and taking one step towards a more eco-friendly e.l.f. embrace your beauty @afroglory is showing off her flawless with the forever flawless affinity palette this is a wrap up of the tiktok challenge! we hope you had fun with your forever flawless palettes “bare faced or when you’re fully dressed” these brows got us breathless @omgitsgare goes for precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium to perfect these brows! you’ve never seen a prismic glow like this before. get @barbieferreira's full-face look using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica palette with 5 ultra-smooth shades to highlight, blush, bronze, and define your face and eyes for endless holiday looks. giveaway closed! congrats @scarletrodriiguez! thank you to everyone who participated! the ultimate morphe because we’re feeling generous this holiday season we’re giving one lucky winner a spot on our pr list for an entire year!! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: favorite campaign from 2020? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 122020 at 9 am pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. magnetic. discover the luminous and smoky shades of the over the moon makeup look by chanel. get the look: sublimage l'extrait de crème les 4 ombres in 334 modern glamour stylo yeux waterproof in 88 noir intense le volume révolution de chanel in 10 noir baume essentiel in transparent rouge coco flash in 54 boy @aymelinevalade closed tis the szn for another we're treating 1 lucky beauty to a blinged out bundle of our diamonds ice, please faves here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy! us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on december 19, 2020 and ends at 9:30 am pt on december 20, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. only a few left in stock good girls go to @ultabeauty for 25 off their nice palettes enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. do you know why these are called ultimate retractable brow pencils? because they're the only ones you'll ever need try our 4 shades for only $4.49 each! get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @maddieziegler @charlidamelio are prepping and glossing their lips from their collections! christmas glam look⁣ we love this glam from @weronikapham using the @alexisstone instinct palette which shade are you grabbing first?! comment below! @sephora if @toofaced’s new killer liner made a dating profile, it would say, “i’m sharp, colorful, and long-lasting.” how could you not swipe right on this 36-hour, waterproof gel formula that comes in every color of the rainbow? there is no such thing as too much highlighter pro artist @makeupwithivan shines bright with our diamonds ice, please highlighting palette which iced out shade from the palette do you have your eye on? cop this limited edition baddie exclusively at @walmart clean formulas, naturally derived ingredients and stronger skin make us happy, too @thetennillelife! our exclusive long life herb is the secret to our skinlongevity collection. who else prefers the mini version of anything?! who lights up your life? return the favor this holiday with the shimmering skin perfector pressed highlighter mini celebration ornament, our best-selling mini highlighter in giftable, prismatic packaging. available at @sephora @sephoracanada and beccacosmetics.com your skin is going to thank you new oil control pink powder mask has niacinamide and kaolin clay to help minimize the appearance of pores and absorb excess oils on the skin for a more matte complexion tap to shop for $8! are you suffering with dry hair and want professional help? @melgesualdo our top australian hairdresser from @renoshaircare salon will answer all of your questions about how to care for dry hair in a live qa session. tune in at 12pm central european time on monday, december 21st! have questions? ask us in the comments down below! our accomplice instant blurring setting powder compact is chicly designed and sleekly hides a built-in brush for quick touch-ups anytime, anywhere. which icy shade from our diamonds ice, please highlighting palette are you hitting pan on first? snag this blinged out baddie exclusively at @walmart ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 19 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our mistletoe kisses cashmere cream lip trio by tagging 3 friends below who love a good lippie! 1 winner will be announced 1222 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @dodgygrl congrats @emilyxrxmua lace-up your snow boots and get ready to shake things up for the holidays with gorgeous gifts from limited edition sets and are made all-the-more festive with whimsical illustrations by @izakzenouillustrationist. visit our for inspiration for everyone on your list! brow sale! today only, our bestselling is now available for 40 off exclusively at @nordstrom! drop your most used green emojis @aafrrin a divinely dewy daydream. mua @leslieannthomson used and glow stick glistening illuminator highlighter to swipe on seamless, super-natural skin. photography by: @maxabadian model: @roselovelyyy styling: @carytauben hair: @lorenzohechter @officialqueendom wears our micro brow pencil fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil butter gloss in ‘fortune cookie’ to serve up this sunset slay it's time for the big reveal! did you guess who the spoke, that still looks great in red, is? let us know in the comments! even if we can't travel, a girl can dream don't miss your last chance to snag the beautiful in barcelona 16 color shadow palette @ultabeauty. all that pigment, only $8! the holiday season makes me feel fill in the blank we'll pin the best ones @snwmakeup inspired by @makeupxjunkie no budge shadow sticks check all the boxes metallic creamy long-lasting smudge-proof tap to shop new no budge shadow stick in copper chic for $5 she’s soft. she’s silky. she’s smooooth what shade of our butter gloss are you scooping up? shop this delicious lippie online at nyxcosmetics.com dry skin darlings, this one’s for you. get your full-coverage fix with supremely creamy for a cake-free finish and a hyper-hydrating feel. i'm a goofy goober, rock! what's your favorite quote? @by.sulli this look is chef’s kiss @majdasakho gets her plush, juicy lips with our lip injection lip gloss shade wanna play. we see you glowing, @xreyymua, with our mega glo blushlighter! looks like flash me is definitely your shade! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com who's ready for the holidays? @daniellemarcan creates the ultimate with the help of our wonder stick diamonds ice, please butter gloss trio in 03 cinnamon spice @sn0ok naughty 30 color shadow palette congrats to our winner @emilyxrxmua 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 7: win the full putty primer family! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 20 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. two is better than one @romyglambeauty goes for precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil to shape her gift giving’s never been easier our 3-piece beauty thrills holiday set includes minis of our mascara, face primer and volumizing brow gel in shade 3! get yours today at @revolvebeauty for $20 a $40 value! p.s. get your order in time for christmas if you order by 1222 at 12pm on revolve.com! creamy-soft texture with great color intensity is the answer! create this fabulous eye look and make it yours! get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°870 metall espresso⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ for an exceptional holiday season, elevate your skin and your senses with the new dior prestige la micro-huile de rose advanced serum, enriched with 10,000 micro-pearls crafted from the exclusive rose de granville. dior prestige la micro-huile de rose advanced serum @diorskincare december 20th: today we urge you to respect your hair from day one in 2021! with you are sure to... respect as you color with a protective cream respect your scalp with a gentle shampoo respect your hair with a lightweight mask laminate brows with no brow tech needed? yes please! 1,2, set! are you ready to raise some brows? get that brow lamination look at home with our 2-in-1 laminate brow. serious sculpt and staying power in just 2 simple steps love seeing you all that's what it's all about my loves, being sexy, confident and powerful af in ways you never knew. love you all so much repost @daniela by the talented @hkassel @beautybycary @ojosdegatamakeup @bymaipu @lewisamarante @wing.it.beauty happy holidays my loves!! which eye look is the most festive? can’t choose, they’re sooo amazing!! gorgeous work by the beautiful @makeupbyrabe do you know using products that are not adapted to your hair needs can make it dry and brittle? and even if you use the most nourishing mask or conditioner paired with the wrong shampoo you won’t get the soft hair result you are looking for? to emphasize the nourishing powers of the masquintense thick hair, bathe your hair first with bain satin 2, a nutrition shampoo created for dry and sensitized hair. are you wondering which bain and masque to use on your dry hair? during our qa live session tomorrow about how to care for dry hair with our top hairdresser from australia: @melgesualdo click on the countdown in our story not to miss it and leave all your questions there your skin's best friend. butter drench restorative rich cream is our favorite sunday tradition the luscious blend of shea butter and ceramides deeply hydrate and renew skin's radiance so you're ready for the week. be it summer or winter, our lips deserve excellent care. our color booster lip balm doesn’t just richly nourish the lips with apricot kernel oil, peach extract, and precious plant oils, it also has a boosting effect with color-adapting pigments. have you already tried it? happiness alert! 40 off sitewide with code: surprise pinch us, we're...not dreaming? blush can be this buildable, long-lasting, perfectly pigmented, and only $3.49? it sure can with color icon blush pictured pinch me pink! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com oil? we have it under control our two new oil control products are infused with ingredients to help control excess oil on the skin oil control pink powder mask: an oil absorbent powder mask infused with skin-loving ingredients to help control excess oil oil control pore minimizing serum: a lightweight serum to help control excess oil on your face while minimizing the appearance of pores tap to shop love this look gorgeous @maryamnyc products used: @hudabeauty faux filter foundation stick while you decorate your home and light up the leave it to us to light up your complexion! with fast repair, face and eye supercharged complex fight dullness and dryness to help tired skin get its glow back. give yourself the of gorgeous skin you deserve it! tap to shop. looking for festive makeup that cares for your skin? our give good, do good holiday collection is made with mineral-rich, skin-loving formulas. available at bareminerals.com, bareminerals boutiques, @sephora, @ultabeauty, @macys and @nordstrom. mua @carlygiglio feelin’ cute in peach bloom! pamper your lips with a buttery lip balm that blossoms based on your unique body chemistry for a custom, kissable flush of color as unique as you! get that brow lamination effect at home with our 2-in-1 laminate brow. serious sculpt and staying power in just 2 simple steps shahira from team revolution beauty shows you how to get that perfect shape and then laminate and set your brows in place this palette said: the morphe x @maddieziegler is the perfect holiday gift to give for the shimmer lover in your life even if it's you shop any last-minute gifts at your local morphe store! @dugongss ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 20 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our take me back to brazil 10 piece brush set by tagging 3 friends below who love to be a little flashy! 1 winner will be announced 1223 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @mundocomprasca congrats to @berrybliss beloved burgundy is all we need for the upcoming days or as as last minute christmas gift! with this stunning eyeshadow palette you can create some catchy looks for christmas! @anknook completes this dreamy with our matte liquid liner which eyeliner is your holy grail? sun-kissed in december? bring back your summer glow with sunlit bronzers. created with neutral undertones and an ultra-buttery formula, they apply seamlessly and add a buildable, natural-looking warmth to your complexion even in the winter months. last day for free 2-day shipping on us. say to restart detox face mask this holographic mask detoxes skin by absorbing impurities and excess oil w activated charcoal french pink clay and willow bark extract benefits of restart detox minimizes the appearance of pores exfoliates w out drying skin vegan noncomedogenic good for all skin types formulated without parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate, phthalates, mineral oil, and formaldehydes launch dates: 12.27 @ultabeauty⁣⁣⁣ 12.29 select morphe stores 12.29 @sephoracanada 1.5 on morphe.com @anya.tisdale is a literal dream in this rose quartz glam she wears our sfx creme color palette in 'primary' jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' butter gloss in 'praline' to create this whimsical moment it is the foundation i have been looking for, fresh and light but buildable, leaves a beautiful glow has a natural mineral spf in it. @skinbysair have you heard? our complexion rescue hydrating foundation stick is an award-winner for a reason. thanks for the @sephora how often do you clean your makeup brushes? discuss after use weekly whenever step into a whimsical winter wonderland with our enchanted forest makeup set. it includes an exclusive palette of eye shadows face products, lip injection lip gloss, and a travel size better than sex mascara! congrats to our winner @deedeesaffairs 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 8: win our mists! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 21 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. @wiktoriamakeup has the right mood for pre-christmas cozy nights in! who else loves sitting down for the night, lighting the candles and spending time at home who else has them? looking for an inspiration for the holiday festivities? here is our muse @emrata’s favorite beauty combo: perfectly nourished hair natural beauty enhancing make up! if you have questions about how to get lustrous lengths and nourished hair, tune in tomorrow at 12pm for the live session about how to care for dry hair with our top hairdresser from australia @melgesualdo feathered and fierce @paulasekullamua goes for: 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown high beam lip cheek stain dandelion twinkle powder highlighter the prettiest pair. outshine the ornaments this year with @aerin’s rose de grasse and ambrette de noir. layer the two for a showstopping, opulent amber rose signature. we’re loving this look on golden-hour goddess @karenjoigny whose skin was perfected with by @haroldjames. on the eyes? in blacquer and mascara. photography by: @pierarnophoto we're keepin' it icy with our diamonds ice, please lip topper collection cop these blinged out lippies exclusively at @ultabeauty @leesondra is a whole ho ho holidays snow angel more than a gift, offer a piece of a dream with dior! it's all about respect... and having fun at the same time! go with for a respectful and enjoyable treatment of your hair. what's your power color? share it lovin' this golden artistry @therealjahq using the palette. the ultimate partner-in-glam: accomplishes the impossible by combining creamy full-coverage with a seamlessly smooth, skin-like finish. @baludna is a major mood with this cow print liner she wears our ultimate shadow palette in ‘brights’ on the rise volume liftscara to get the look nothing screams festive quite as loud as ugly holiday sweaters and some faves show us what you're rocking for pictured: naughty 30 color shadow palette there’s snowbody like you 12 piece brush set over the moon by chanel. a magnetic makeup look for the holidays, composed of luminous, smoky shades. recreate the look: les 4 ombres modern glamour stylo yeux waterproof noir intense le volume révolution de chanel noir sublimage l'extrait de crème do you love gingerbread cookies? y or n? @perrinenavy inspired by @lucinda212 cheeks on cheeks on cheeks can you name all the cheek powders in this pic!? swipe to find your shade of our new camo cc cream by undertone camo cc cream is made for our medium-to-full coverage lovers with spf 30 to protect your skin against sun damage infused with with peptides and niacinamide known to plump, hydrate and smooth the appearance of skin apply it with our camo concealer sponge or complexion duo brush for a flawless finish. tap to shop for $14 drop a if you love @fryncesca's brown neutral atheistic ready to make everyone jelly? play up your glam with our sexy, cool shades inspired by fresh-picked berries in our new that’s my jam eye shadow palette. top it off with our killer liner, peach bloom cheek tint lip balm, and our better than sex false lashes! flawless from dusk till dawn. mua @sooparkmakeup used on @ladytsheca for @harpersbazaararabia in the december 2020 story “darkness into light”. products used: in tan 49 highlighter in tantalize in blacquer mascara in oh cocoa photography by: @calebandgladys production: @area1202 pa: @benjamindobson styling: @xgabriela hair: @tyshearn glowing brighter than an ornament @isabelleikpeme is it just us or was does chachatint lip cheek stain made for @bibamote? if these rose gold shades or if the soft-glam neutrals are your go-to from the palette @evestyle82 it’s a swatch party what product would you add to complete this look!? create 3 breathtaking eye looks with our eyeshadow palette burgundy. look 1: apply the shade breakout on your eyelid until your inner corner of the eye. blend everything with the color delight and apply baroque on your inner and outer third of your eyelid. create a contrast by applying the shade me time in the middle of your eyelid. blend the middle and outer shades with the color love letter. repeat those step on your lower lash line. apply the shade pearl swirl to highlight your inner corner of your eye and on your brow arch for a fully awaken finish.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ look 2: apply the shade rosy cloud as a base on your eyelid and apply the color muse on your crease and blend well. afterwards, apply the shade lure on the inner third of your eyelid and apply it on the middle part of your eyelid. continue with the color carpe diem on your crease. highlight your lower lash line with the shades lure and carpe diem. final step: apply me time as a highlighter in your inner corner of the eye and on your brow arch.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ look 3: apply eyeshadow shade haze on your eyelid and rosy cloud on your crease. blend in with shade sophisticated and create a winged liner with the color elderberry. apply the shade me time as highlighter in your inner corner of the eye and on your brow arch.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credit: @beauty.by.miri⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ december 21st: live life like it's golden! watch out, 2021 is about to be your best year yet! don't be afraid to spoil yourself... new in cleansing is not boring in the @revolutionskincare world! add a splash of cuteness into your cleansing routine we have 3 new dual-sided facial cleansing brushes to collect! a star a paw print and a phone and give your skin some lovin’ with the revolution skincare makeup remover cushion hearts can you spot your fav? this picture is stunning @makeup.just.for.fun thank you for sharing my love 5 days!!! a new original is about to launch @ultabeauty. raise your hand in the comments if our original loose mineral foundation was your first foundation. love your look gorgeous @trevor.j.barrett @hudabeauty faux filter foundation in toasted coconut @hudabeautyshop palette the dynamic duo of concealer we designed camo concealer sponge to pair perfectly with our matte finish, full coverage 16hr camo concealer. camo concealer sponge has dual-pointed ends for precise application in those hard to reach areas tap to shop camo concealer sponge for $5 and 16hr camo concealer for $6 the over the moon makeup look by chanel. 1. sublimage l’extrait de crème illuminates the complexion. 2. les 4 ombres in 334 modern glamour creates contrasts. 3. le volume révolution de chanel and stylo yeux waterproof in 88 noir intense intensify eyes. 4. baume essentiel and rouge coco flash in 54 boy revive radiance. instant magnetic effect. @aymelinevalade winter solstice more time to maximize your beauty sleep! on this longest night of the year, indulge in a pampering nighttime with @beautyinlove.cherie. tap to shop cherie’s @badhabitbeauty is coming to next week! bad habit is skincare to combat all that stresses you out, and is good to your skin even when you’re not. with clean, vegan and cruelty-free formulas this is our new go-to self-care brand. featuring global brand ambassador and creative director @emmachamberlain {swipe to see some of our favorites from the brand} launching 1229 in-store and online. @badhabitbeauty is coming to next week! bad habit is skincare to combat all that stresses you out, and is good to your skin even when you’re not. with clean, vegan and cruelty-free formulas this is our new go-to self-care brand. featuring global brand ambassador and creative director @emmachamberlain {swipe to see some of our favorites from the brand} launching 1229 in-store and online. light up the holiday with gifts that they’ll love all year. don’t forget to grab something from your wish list, too. spark the light kit available at @nordstrom. wild ones, sound off are you team nude lips or team bold lips? get our mega last matte high-shine lip colors in nudes bold shades @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com cha cha slide our mango-hued chachatint lip cheek stain glides on and blends like an absolute dream @evestyle82 colder days drier skin. keep skin glowing all year long with this ultra-hydrating routine. global beauty director, elyse is wingin' it in our new killer liner shades black storm tag a bff who'd recreate this glam!⁣ other products used:⁣ born this way matte foundation shade seashell born this way super coverage shade marshmallow milk chocolate bronzer sugared peach highlighter lip injection lip gloss shade bigger the hoops better than sex mascara better than sex falsie lashes style doll eyes⁣ 'tis the season to be jolly @vmeers could easily be mrs. claus with her festive eye look!⁣ have you decided what makeup you're doing for christmas? meet the 1st of its kind! this holiday season, activate your skin's natural radiance with age perfect golden age cream! you'll glow like never before... we will still create some beautiful christmas and new year's eve looks even if this year will be different. style up and try new makeup looks for yourself!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ if you want to create an expressive and self-confident eye look our eyeshadow jewels are the right choice for you. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°890 metall devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing effect mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ sweep away shine and blur the look of imperfections. with a built-in brush designed discreetly in its compact, our setting powder lives up to its name: it’s the perfect accomplice. tap to shop accomplice instant blurring setting powder. closed issa we’re treating icy beauties to our diamonds ice, please pr box! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy! us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:45 am pt on december 21, 2020 and ends at 9:45 am pt on december 22, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. what do you want to try from our collection? @jsapproved for the longest night of the year with these tap to shop! advanced night cleansing balm treatment lotion face serum advanced night repair eye supercharged complex night happy holiday giveaway we partnered with @egoofficial and @sugarfina to gift you the ultimate holiday treat package filled with $1,250 worth of product!! how to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics @egoofficial @sugarfina! like this post tag 3 bffs below! for extra entries, leave a on our most recent posts, or share this post on your ig stories, tagging @benefitcosmetics @egoofficial @sugarfina! good luck! giveaway ends wednesday, 1223, at 11:59pm pst. brush on the winter magic with there’s snowbody like you perfect for liquid, cream and powder formulas @tayloranise looks amazing as e.l.f. wearing our new camo cc cream in shade tan 450napply it with our complexion duo brush for a flawless finish other products featured: lash it loud mascara, retro paradise eyeshadow palette and bite size face duo in pomegranate. tap to shop natural holiday glam this year might be low-key, but you can still embrace the festive spirit with this sparkling smoky eye by mua @carlygiglio. her tip: make your eyes the star of the show by pairing a shimmering eyeshadow with a deeper matte shade to create shape and dimension. skinlongevity long life herb serum poreless oil-free moisturizer barepro performance wear liquid foundation spf 20 carol’s shade is cinnamon 25 barepro 16-hour full coverage concealer carol’s shade is dark-neutral 13 brow master sculpting eyebrow pencil carol’s shade is coffee strength length serum-infused brow gel carol’s shade is coffee gen nude eyeshadow palette in copper shade bonfire on lid inner corner and shade wild child on outer corner lower lash line strength length serum-infused mascara gen nude powder blush in shade you had me at merlot endless glow highlighter in shade fierce barepro lipstick in shade cinnamon christmas giveaway! winners have been contacted via dm we’re making the season bright and pink! this year by treating 2 lucky winners and their bffs! to an exclusive too faced wreathe decorated with all of the goodies in our enchanted wonderland makeup set!⁣ how to enter: like save this post⁣⁣⁣ follow @toofaced⁣ tag a bff they must be following, too!⁣⁣⁣ for additional entries, hit our post notification bell!⁣⁣⁣ now this is what we call a complete revolution collection how many revolution products do you have? @charlottesmakeuplooks after bain satin 1 or 2, depending on your hair type and needs, apply your new best friend masquintense to deeply moisturize your hair. massage to the ends and lengths to deeply penetrate it and leave it in for 5 minutes before rinsing. just in case you missed our live with @melgesualdo earlier today, you can watch it now on our igtv and learn how to care for your dry hair! legendary makeup artist @hungvanngo adds major lash drama to eyes with mascara. recreate this look: tap the link in hung’s bio to watch his full youtube tutorial “bold smokey eyes cool and warm. which is for you?”. @leesondra completes this sultry, soft glam with our epic wear liner stick in 'deepest brown' slim lip pencil in 'nude beige' filler instinct plumping lip color in 'beach casual' butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' what's your current go-to lip combo? it's beginning to look a lot like christmas @cassidy.maysonet sleighs with the merry and bright fan brush face trio, only $27 $35 value currently drooling over pro artist @andreasantiago's glossy red lip she pairs our filler instinct plumping lip color in 'juicy pout' filler instinct plumping lip polish in 'major mouthage' to get the look works full time to give you creamy full-coverage anytime, anywear. add this pocket perfector to your concealer crew for quick, on-the-go touch-ups. by @c.l.a.r.e.n.s congrats to our winner @makeup.with.gab 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 9: win all of our ride or die lip balms! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 22 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns all month long! for we created this limited-edition collection for @glsen to inspire you to shine your light and help shape a brighter future for lgbtq students everywhere. donation of 100 of net proceeds will be made to glsen.org from sales of this collection purchased only on morphe.com or morphe stores. donation basis and amounts will vary when purchased from other retailers. share how you celebrate pride every day if it looks this good, then just imagine how good it feels. hydra-light plumping lip mask is infused with hyaluronic acid to attract lock in moisture. @enzirengel is ready for the holidays with this festive af she add some extra bling to her look with our limited edition diamonds ice, please shadow jelly in 'strike a rose' shop the full collection online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty we’re so inspired by this glow from @rosalierouge. our warmth eye cheek palette has rich pigments perfect for creating a nye look. get yours @sephora. strutting into the new year w this shade on who's ready for 2021? @livingdeadmakeup babe @lovephoebee wears chachatint lip cheek stain georgia blush! level up your glam with our new let’s play mini eye shadow palette, full of 8 exclusive multi-finish shades that will have you saying “game on!” a little bling never hurt nobody cop our diamonds ice, please shadow jelly collection for that extra pop available exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty 'tis the season to be freezin' like @glambymykaila! tag a babe to wish them a happy pro artist @makeupbyash.a slays this dazzling using our diamonds ice, please jelly shadow in 'strike a rose' epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' don't be suspicious do shop last minute e.l.f. holiday gift sets online and in stores @targetstyle last call, benebabes! order on benefitcosmetics.com by 3pm pst, 1222, with overnight shipping and get your order just in time for christmas! @gabrielle.shoots there is an easy way to look stunning! with our 3 eyeshadow palettes the night is yours! swipe left to see all beauties! which palette will you try for christmas? image credits: @jojadasdiary december 22nd: do you struggle with putting on eyeliner? stop right there master your liner signature look in 2021 with our beauty expert @thevalgarland! a burst of radiance. discover the warm, natural shades of the reach for the stars makeup look by chanel. get the look: sublimage l'essence fondamentale ombre première longwear cream eyeshadow in 840 patine bronze les 4 ombres in 268 candeur et expérience stylo yeux waterproof in 20 espresso le volume de chanel waterproof in 20 brun le gel sourcils in 350 transparent joues contraste in 71 malice rouge allure velvet in 58 rouge vie @noraattal swipe to see inside the revolution precious glamour mini glitz up eyeshadow palette precious glamour has put a spell on us, what about you? hint hint: it is also included in the sale on our website she is stunning!!!! @jagodafurtado products used: legit lashes anniversary lipstick when it comes to eyeshadow jewels, more is definitely more! a creamy-soft and color-intensive texture gives you a multidimensional and glamorous look! if your are still looking for a last minute christmas gift our eyeshadow jewels are definitely a great choice.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look: illuminating primer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°890 metal devine gold eyeshadow n°870 metal espresso eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeliner high precision liquid liner n°1 amazing effect mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lipliner n°148 just coffee⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lipliner n°140 anise⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°36 summer lights⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ crystal beauty dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get the perfect makeup look for the holiday season? dior capture totale super potent serum dior forever glow 1n dior forever skin correct 0.5n rouge dior 772 classic matte miss dior eau de parfum @thebeautyradar complexion collection love your pictures my love still looking for the perfect gift for a special someone? what about the gift of overnight intense hair care all year long? for your loved one who’s looking for a magical solution to get extra lengths nourishment, go for the nutritive 8h magic night sérum! enriched with iris root and a blend of 5 vitamins, this night serum is adapted for all types of hair so you’re good to go! and for your blonde loved one, looking for an effortless beauty gesture to recover hair overnight, offer them the newest sérum cicanuit. formulated with the highest hyaluronic acid concentrations, this purple gem will erase 55 of bleach damage while them sleep! the clock is ticking and if your gift list is not completed yet, we’re here to help you find the perfect gift for you or loved ones! click on the highlighted story “gifting guide” or you can tell us in the comments down below and we’ll be happy to help you by recommending personalized hair solutions for you or your loved ones! the holidays are all about gift your most-loved to those you love this season. with 24-hour long wear and a life-proof matte finish, we know they’ll love a of stay-in-place makeup too. your skin deserves a day off. smooth and blur the appearance of skin in an instant without taking the time to apply full face of makeup. like a refreshing splash of cold water, the gel-like texture cools on contact, leaving skin with a transparent-matte finish. ‘tis the season to reset stressed skin. gift your loved ones a customizable and planet-friendly set stocked with clean skincare essentials so they can start the new year fresh. congrats to our winner @allureofbeauty 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 10: win all of our lip lacquers! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 23 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. ready, set, bloom! give your cheeks a fresh glow and naturally flushed, glossy finish with our new peach bloom lip cheek tint! a brow gel to laminate and set your brows and a pencil for that perfect shape all in our 2-in-1 laminate brow get that brow lamination look at home like @bykatieeve @jessyhartel makes it look too easy featuring our liquid liner in brown! we couldn't leave you hanging! here you'll find bonus tips from the one and only @thevalgarland on how to achieve that perfect symmetrical liner you've always dreamed of! what's your most used lip shade?? enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. did you know we have 19 shades of photo focus foundation? and each one is blendable, smoothing, and moisturizing especially when paired with our makeup sponge get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com raise your hand if you're still holiday shopping we aren't judging treat the lips in your life to pillowy soft color with our diamonds ice, please powder puff lip trio available online at nyxcosmetics.com bring a fresh and delicate touch of grasse roses to your home for the holidays with miss dior eau de toilette. miss dior eau de toilette no one: me: all done up for me, myself and i what do you do for someme time? @strashme she deserves it, but with a who's giving the gift of perfect cat eyes graphic lines this year?! p.s. lump of coal bh liquid eyeliner is only available in-store @ultabeauty while it lasts! last minute stocking stuffer idea get 2 full-size mascaras for only $30 regularly $50! at @ultabeauty, now through 1224...because everyone could use a fresh tube! tag a friend who deserves this holiday treat brush lust brush set includes: firm shadow brush silicone glitter packer brush angled concealer brush blending crease brush deluxe angle blender brush pointed deluxe blender brush pointed mini blender brush we’re all about a pink moment @victorialyn wears our new let’s play mini palette and lip injection lip gloss shade wifey for lifey. name a better holiday lippie, we'll wait @rachelpetra slays this gorgeous cranberry lip wearing our powder puff lippie lip cream in 'prank call' this holiday season treat your loved ones with gleaming, healthy and radiant beauty by offering them the shine encapsulated in the iconic bottle. which gift are you hoping to find under the tree this year? live with adam, founder ceo of revolution beauty wearing this one all month long. we love the shade purpose on you, @ayshaharun! leave your favorite shade from our limited-edition mineralist hydra-smoothing lipstick trio in the comments. pick your lip our srsly satin lipsticks deliver intense color payoff while keeping your lips silky smooth. tap to shop for $3 just in time for the brush set is back in stock... while it lasts quick! which shade of our powder puff lippie is your ride or die? treat the lippie lover in your life or yourself tbh to our diamonds ice, please powder puff lip trios available at nyxcosmetics.com @butterflyempire wait, is this what we think it is? what is your guess?⁣ dropping tomorrow. national artistry ambassador @christianschild blended seamlessly all-over the face to give @marieclairearg cover-girl @estherlomb a natural, flaw-free look. photography by: @alexschier styling: @susannemarxstyling flawless blended how would you describe your makeup style in only two words? @durka.muru @alexya.mua has us hypnotized with this beautiful bronzed she slays this glittery gaze wearing our ultimate shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' epic ink liner glitter primer born to glow! naturally radiant foundation the perfect last-minute gift, because of course you didn’t forget the shimmering skin perfector pressed highlighter mini celebration ornament makes the perfect gift for everyone in your life. our best-selling mini highlighter in giftable, prismatic packaging. pick-up in-store or shop online at @sephora and @sephoracanada. we take our full-coverage extra creamy and hydrating. formulated with hydration-holding snow mushroom, has a healthy-looking, cake-free finish. got your eyes on our diamonds ice, please shadow liner set? tag your friends fam to drop a hint available online at nyxcosmetics.com quick q! how often do you deep condition your hair? meet @playa's california salt shampoo comprised of california sea salt and tea tree oil, this weekly cleanser exfoliates and treats the scalp to restore your natural oil balance swipe right to see both textures ingredient benefits: california sea salt purifies by gently scrubbing away product buildup and flakes from the hair follicle tea tree oil works as a natural antiseptic, treating the scalp and alleviating dryness while providing a fresh, cooling sensation @michaelaltaylor @theskinedit another gorgeous, glowing look by @karenncamargo with megaglo blushlighters! she got super creative, using blush under the eye to make them subtly pop get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com that texture though our lip exfoliator gently exfoliates lips to remove dry, chapped skin with a sweet sugar and smoothing sensation, infused with vitamin e, shea butter, avocado, grape and jojoba oils to nourish and protect the lips tap to shop for $4 which emoji describes this icy look from @kxtbonifacio? @chrissybmakeup is major with this effortless, everyday here are the deets: ultimate shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' total control drop foundation in 'mocha' born to glow radiant concealer in 'mocha' 'mahogany' butter gloss in 'praline' press for plump!! plump, fill, lift like never before with our plump prime face plumper, lip injection maximum plump, and lip injection lip gloss! hide blemishes in plain sight. @christianschild applied moisturizer and touches of on @chayennevdh for smooth, hydrated-looking skin. photography by: @pulmanns for @harpersbazaarturkiye ho ho hooray it's day 22 of our 31 days of giveaways! we're giving away a @nazaninkavari box head to our bhcosmeticsofficial to enter and win winner announced on 1225 10am pst on don’t know who needs to hear this but...everything she said featured: advice for girls by spencer mcfarland @christi.steyn classic vibes @yvonnetheartist puts an old hollywood glam spin on the prismatica collection. products used: becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss kit ultimate lipstick love dear santa, i want for christmas this year comment below with your 2 picks! creamy consistency in neutral tones! our eyeshadow base is our beauty essential for every eye makeup. it's not only suitable for any eyeshadow but also improves durability and your eyeshadow appears intenser!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look: illuminating primer eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding eyeshadow jewel n°840 sparkle copper rush amazing effect mascara blusher n°23 deep pink blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ crystal beauty dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ december 23rd: we're leaving frizz behind and we're heading straight into 2021! are you coming with us? new launch alert introducing the first new dynamic palette of the day, the forever flawless mini dynamic chilled eyeshadow palette and the chilled lip set to match containing a creme lip, a sheer lip a lip pencil! you asked for more lip kits, and we listened available now:⁣ palette £6.99€7.99$9⁣ lip kit £10€11.99$15⁣ buy them both for £15€17$21 limited time offer only a burst of radiance. discover the warm, natural shades of the reach for the stars makeup look by chanel. recreate the look: sublimage l'essence fondamentale les 4 ombres in 268 candeur et expérience rouge allure velvet in 58 rouge vie le vernis in 528 rouge puissant new launch alert our second new dynamic palette of the day and we have shrunk your favourite! introducing the forever flawless mini dynamic allure eyeshadow palette and the allure lip set to match containing 2 sheer lip glosses and a lip pencil! they are a must-have for any allure fans! you asked for more lip kits, and we listened available now:⁣ palette £6.99€7.99$9⁣ lip kit £10€11.99$15⁣ buy them both for £15€17$21 limited time offer only maravillosa @glambygerys maps out and fills in her brows using then finishes the look with wow @makeupbyelliee gorgeous look with naughty nude @hudabeauty new naughty nude eyeshadow palette water jelly primer fauxfilter stick foundation tantour medium nymph highlighter power bullet lipstick nyc good news is worth sharing! 3 days until you can shop our all-new addition to the original collection @ultabeauty. just like the beautiful finish foundation brush is the bff to our original loose mineral foundation, don’t leave your bestie out! tag your bff in the comments. @cocopandadk shades on shades on shades! the mega last lip color collections have all the colors you'll ever need, at the only price you should pay: $2.99 get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com the essential gift...for yourself. take your pick, or wear them all at once. how do you light up your holiday look? the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica light essentials kit features 3 shades of our mini pressed highlighter at a value that only comes once a year... shades included: champagne pop: our best-selling shade, a soft golden highlighter with pinky-peach pearl vanilla quartz: a creamy, light golden shade with pink pearl rose quartz: a universally flattering neutral pale pink highlighter with soft golden pearl. edbtz, who knows what this means?! omg he's so funny @michael.gorgy @juicyjasofficial with the ultimate holiday look wearing our camo cc cream in shade light240w she used our complexion duo brush to apply and srsly satin lipstick in raspberry tap to shop ready for a look that will turn heads before turning into the new year? @paulamarcos has a glamourous smokey eye look to bring you some holiday cheer! learn how to create this that will have you looking flawless for video chats or small gatherings irl. honey, we shrunk another forever flawless palette! the new forever flawless mini dynamic chilled eyeshadow palette is an 8-shade edit featuring all of your favourite earthy-toned emerald hues from the original forever flawless chilled palette infused with nourishing cannabis sativa seed oil, this green-toned palette brings good vibes only cruelty-free and vegan sharp, colorful, long-lasting our new killer liner has an ultra-creamy formula that goes on smooth and locks down for 36 killer hours! snowflake sugar our girl @themegscahill simply stuns it doesn't get any sleeker than this! from now on, enjoy your 'hair-wash day' wih our our dream lengths sleekening shampoo for smooth, silky straight results! shine bright inside and out. mua @carlygiglio used pure radiance loose highlighter and gen nude lip gloss in shade sugar to create this subtle, festive glow. dive into dior's art of gifting! happy holidays! holiday shopping for a beauty who is always on the go? we gotchu! make sure their glam is always lookin' fresh with our diamonds ice, please setting spray kit available online at nyxcosmetics.com our go-to gift for the carefree romantic: eau de parfum. this intoxicating blend of lychee, orange flower, gardenia, and marzipan musk is sure to be her new favorite scent for the holiday season. we've partnered up with fashion icons @ohpolly to give 3 𝐋𝐮𝐜𝐤𝐲 𝗪𝐢𝐧𝐧𝐞𝐫𝐬 the chance to 𝘞𝘐𝘕 𝘉𝘐𝘎 just in time for the holidays what you'll win: $150 gift card to $150 gift card to how to enter: like save this post follow @morphebrushes @ohpolly tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 122520, the winner will be randomly selected and announced on this post and dm'd on 122620. the night is yours! thanks to our eyeshadow palette n°6 smokey for this fantastic finish! watch our tutorial to see the complete look. step 1: begin your eyelook by starting to apply the eyeshadow shade center on your crease. for the inner corner of your eye apply the light shade chalk. step 2: apply the strong bluish shade nonstop on your inner corner, your outer v the last third of your eye lid and on your lower lash line as well. blend everything with the eyeshadow shade center. step 3: continue afterwards with your middle and lower lash line and your eye lid by applying the eyeshadow shade atmosphere. blend everything by applying the blusih shade alluring. step 4: you are almost done! apply the color midnight on your inner corner of your eye, your outer v, as well as on your lower lash line. for the inner corner the shade illusion makes this look complete. don't forget some lovely lashes and mascara to finish off this stunning eye makeup. image credits: @makeupbyevva staying home for the hooladays what’s the first place you’ll go when we can all travel safely again? the perfect last-minute gifts? our collection features whimsical holiday packaging that's filled with clean and cruelty-free makeup must-haves! @mommyandmira @blendingtheruleswithbrandi sets it and forgets it with our matte setting spray diamonds ice, please setting spray kit for a limited time at nyxcosmetics.com calling all sephora beauty insiders now until 1225, get 4x the points when you purchase our better than sex mascara @sephora and @sephoracanada! online only. exclusions apply. use code tfpoints at checkout! before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back sharing our most loved morphe campaigns! live it up with our thirst for life @cocacola x morphe collection of super-wearable shades for eyes, lips, and face. what was your favorite piece from the collection? shahira from team revolution beauty has created this stunning look using the new forever flawless dynamic allure. an 8-shade edit features all of your favourite warm rustic and berry hues from the original forever flawless allure palette vegan cruelty free if your quality time is sacred and you’re looking for a blissful moment, treat yourself with the at-home beauty ritual for that next level sensorial me-time! formulated with a combination of high-end ingredients abyssine, hyaluronic acid, and vitamin e, experience the luxurious cleansing benefits of the pré-cleanse régénérant and bain régénérant. the purifying and detoxifying pre-wash black gel shampoo of the pré-cleanse régénérant and the signature chronologiste scent of fine fragrances, including tea rose, light woods and musk of the bain régénérant will take your beauty ritual to a bliss and relaxation. call her kiss kringle. use le marc lip crème in shade oh miley! to recreate this classic holiday lip, with a twist. artistry: @christianschild model: @kristatchv photography: @benjaminbecker congrats to our winner @jujubeatsjuliee 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 11: win our tools! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 24 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. a lil to get you through the stress of the holidays if you're reading this, treat yourself don't miss her because she moves fast the limited-edition nazanin kavari 9 piece brush set with bag is back again for one last time rouge attitude. indulge in cherry-red lips with le marc shade oh miley! artistry: @morganemartini model: @justjenaye nothing screams the holidays more than @nyxcosmeticsnl pro artist @punching.pictures spills the tea on how to slay the ultimate holiday lippie here's what you'll need: slim lip pencil in 'plum' diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'good look' face body glitter in 'red' some helpful holiday tips from our friends at @jedfoundation. t-minus 2 days till makes a visit what are you looking forward to the most that day? shop jaclyn hill eyeshadow palette @josalynandromeda inspired by @beautyvibes.sue @sinairuelas pro artist @muamartini puckers up wearing our diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'good look' snag these limited edition lippies at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty you don’t understand we’re obsessed beauty babe @joyjah looks stunning in our new let’s play mini palette! she also wears our peach bloom cheek tint shade strawberry glow, peach bloom lip balm shade pink whispers, killer liner in the shade espresso, sapphire storm, and our better than sex false lashes in the style natural flirt! best in snow we love this soft, fluffy brow created by @martaskollection with gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel! 60 off select products now through 14 on our site including our precision airbrush stipple brush and glow gleam beam highlighter palette tap to shop! @laurenrohrer completes this magical, magenta moment wearing our diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'gem storm' keep the gift-giving spirit going and going. unwrap le marc lip crème in festive-red shade oh miley! tap to shop. say to total softie gel moisturizer this refreshing, lightweight gel moisturizer replenishes skin and provides a burst of hydration w cucumber water to soothe aloe vera extract to soften vegan noncomedogenic good for all skin types formulated without parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate, phthalates, mineral oil, formaldehydes launch dates: 12.27 @ultabeauty⁣⁣⁣ 12.29 select morphe stores 12.29 @sephoracanada 1.5 on morphe.com save this quick liner inspo 4 l8r @shamelesslydia in true story this is what our haul-iday is looking like good morning, beauties! have you already decided which makeup will suit best tonight? with our eyeshadow palette burgundy you are definitely well prepared! december 24th: it's not too late! we can still help you out with gift ideas drop us a comment below. ready, set, goooo.... the reach for the stars makeup look by chanel. 1. illuminate the complexion with sublimage l'essence fondamentale. 2. add colour with ombre première longwear cream eyeshadow in 840 patine bronze. 3. intensify eyes with le volume de chanel waterproof in 20 brun and gel sourcils in 350 transparent. 4. create depth with les 4 ombres in 268 candeur et expérience. 5. illuminate skin with joues contraste in 71 malice 6. rouge allure velvet 58 rouge vie: to add colour a burst of radiance. @noraattal underneath the tree @honeyroseloves is ready to rock roll with the revolution rock star gift set who’s excited for presents tomorrow? it's time to shine and to sparkle! if you would like to emphasize your lips tonight we will definitely recommend our lip jewels! which one is your favorite shade?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown from left to right:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°30 showgirl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°18 pink positive⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°36 summer lights⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°24 purple stars⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 𝖂𝖍𝖆𝖙’𝖘 𝖙𝖍𝖎𝖘?! 'twas the nightmare before christmas jack skellington has sold out again! double tap if you want us to do another revolution nightmare before christmas range in 2021 @disneyazkaban @denisevasi said it best, give gifts but make them sustainable! our holiday collection uses less plastic and more post-consumer recycled materials. plus, our gift boxes are completely recyclable. take it all in. becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette includes 5 shades that layer iridescent colour and light for multidimensional looks, from soft and subtle to bright and bold. let's take a moment to drool over admire @styledbysabrinak's flawless skin and perfect rosy cheeks! how'd she do it? photo focus dewy foundation and megaglo blushlighter, of course! get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com e.l.f. the hallsthis song has been stuck in our heads all season long @loren listen to our full e.l.f. the hauls holiday album on @spotify to get into the e.l.f.ing spirit we're dreaming of a sparkly christmas... @gretaweis your new go-to lip balm is here!! our peach bloom lip balm is ultra-nourishing, buttery, and blossoms based on your unique body chemistry for a custom, kissable color! christmas is just around the corner. celebrate the holidays with dior! fa-la-la-la-fabulous! @robthemakeupartist takes this red green glam to a new level with brow zings eyebrow shaping kit roller lash mascara! if you need a gift in a hurry? we have the best last-minute gift ideas. don't believe us? ask us in the comments and we'll reply right away! introducing @badhabitbeauty's wake things up matcha mint daily cleanser this purifying cleanser washes away dirt and makeup without drying and invigorates skin so you’re ready to face the day even if you don't want to launching 12.29 in-store and online glitz and glam go hand in hand with the holidays. shine brighter than your holiday lights with o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in golden-peach shade gilty. artistry: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra glitz and glam go hand in hand with the holidays. shine brighter than your holiday lights with o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in golden-peach shade gilty. artistry: @morganemartini model: @madamealexandra what we’re hoping to unwrap this our new face serum! with brand new benefits overnight radiance, 8-hour antioxidant power, and pores look minimized, to name a few gorgeous, glowing skin is the best gift to receive! p.s. we won’t tell if a little self-gifting is in order what gifts are you expecting to unwrap? @strashme a lil curbside pickup look pro artist @xoivettea has us mesmerized with this soft, everyday makeup look here are the deets: bare with me hydrating jelly primer born to glow radiant foundation born to glow radiant concealer sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'nude'tude' lift snatch brow tint pen slide on lip liner in 'need me' butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' on the rise volume liftscara when rudolf won't let you join the crew... @manoncrisologo serves this smoked out liner moment using our og epic ink liner double tap if one of these is in your routine how do you cocktail your @sweetchefskincare faves? create any look, anywhere with our new kitty likes to scratch mini palette!! it's packed with rich neutrals in matte shimmer shades that are perfect for any occasion. ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 24 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our bh signature rose gold 13 piece brush set holder by tagging 3 friends below who love this color combo! 1 winner will be announced 1227 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! congrats @hennessyvv help make the dreams of these pups come true. in the u.s., we throw away 38,000 miles of holiday ribbon a year that’s enough to wrap once around the planet. do your part and skip the ribbons. wearing a mask doesn’t mean hiding your glow take it from @jkalfson who brightens up her eyes using under eye brightening corrector, ultimate coverage longwear concealer, and completes her look with the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette on her face and eyes. the clock is ticking! with the holiday celebration being near, have you placed your gifts for your loved ones under the tree? you can’t go wrong with the iconic l’huile originale from its beautifying precious oils and its floral, woody and musky scent will win their heart. t’was the night before glitzmas… glow-ho-ho-ing skin is yours with our universally flattering o!mega glaze in gilty, dressed up in limited-edition fashion. winter wonderland in a look @lishalovesmakeup products used: putty eye primer in rose, earth ocean eyeshadow palette, retro paradise line shine lip kit lip liner in 02, retro paradise dream on lip gloss in electric lemonade, hydrating camo concealer in light beige, halo glow setting powder in light, glow gleam beam highlighter palette. tap to shop @justbeautyormore wears our born to glow radiant foundation to slay a flawless complexion for this candy cane fantasy santa’s hashtag helpers we’re in the mood to make spirits bright! together, we can make a difference this holiday season—all you have to do is comment on this post! for every comment containing the hashtag benefit will donate $1 to our bold is beautiful charities for a total of up to $5,000. disclaimer: the promotion begins on december 24, 2020 at 1pm pt and is subject to end on december 26, 2020 11:59pm pt, unless the maximum total of $5,000 is reached, whichever comes first. no purchase necessary. @nessasunshine is giving us the eye naughty- 30 color shadow palette there’s snowbody like you 12 piece brush set the most wonderful time of the year! @mariaa.elenaa is ready for the holidays with this festive af beat product details: micro brow pencil in 'espresso' bare with me cannabis spf 30 daily moisturizing primer can’t stop won’t stop foundation in 'warm vanilla' butter gloss in 'red velvet' 'sorbet' what color lip are you wearing today? @danareneemakeup a full holiday look doesn’t have to be complicated with these must-haves you can treat yourself with all year long. get bold color and iridescent light on the face and eyes with the becca x barbie ferreira face palette. apply light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow for a multidimensional look, and follow it up with our pressed highlighter for your most natural, luminous glow. finish it off with pure, instantly-hydrating color with ultimate lipstick love. shades shown: light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in laser pressed highlighter in topaz ultimate lipstick love there’s dasher, dancer, prancer and vixen. comet, cupid, donner and blitzen. but do you recall the most fabulous reindeer of all? @themarcjacobs makes our slay-bells ring in this moment. there must be a morphe store in whoville then @lasheshairfashion 12 days of e.l.f. get ready for the most wonderful time of the year with 12 days of e.l.f.ing day 12: all our essentials for bomb lashes! how to enter: 1. follow @elfcosmetics 2. tag a friend below! each separate tag counts as a new entry! bonus entry: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! @rosemary.wood.121 giveaway starts now and ends december 25 at 11:59pm pt. no purchase necessary. open to us residents 18. one winner will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. enter our wild and jolly from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. sometimes, you want a pigmented highlighter in just the right shade and you'll find it with one of our 7 shades of megaglo highlighting powder! get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com what lippies are we all wearing tonight? we’re rockin’ our soft matte lip cream jingle bells, jingle bells jingle all the way oh, what fun it is to ride in a sleigh fill in the blanks @ohitsbreee inspired by @judastape squad goals which product from our born this way collection is your fave?! let us know in the comments!! dashing through the snow @janellechristinaa frames this lit up wearing our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil lookin’ oh snow gorgeous @mikaylajmakeup made this glam extra merry with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! save some sparkle for santa even he can’t resist our 3 stunning looks with 1 eyeshadow palette! have you tried our eyeshadow palette smokey already? look 1: apply the shade alluring on your moveable eyelid and use the color daydream to blend. apply the shade midnight on your outer third and close to your lower lash line. apply the shades alluring and midnight on your lower lash line. continue with the color dust in the inner corner of your eye and illusion as highlight in the inner corner of your eye and your brow arch. look 2:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ apply the shade muted on your crease. apply the shade traffic on your inner lid and our middle part of your eyelid. emphasize the crease with the shade asphalt and the outer third of your eyelid. apply the same colors on your lower lash line. final step: apply the shade chalk to highlight the inner corner of the eye and the eyebrow arch.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ look 3: apply the eyeshadow heavenly on your moveable eyelid and blend the edges with the shade muted. continue by applying the color notorious to create a winged liner and apply midnight to emphasize the winged liner. apply all colors as well on your lower lash line and apply midnight on your outer part of your waterline and the shade illusion as highlight on the inner corner of your eyes and on your brow arch. image credit: beauty.by.miri⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ december 25th: merry christmas! stay tuned, we're bringing you a glimpse of paradise very soon... we would like to wish happy holidays to our professional family. it is an honor to have such an amazing and engaging professional community so we want to share this special day with them to thank them and share the love! if salons are open in your country, don’t forget to book your in-salon appointment to be ready for the end of the year festivity! @dorotaczaja merry christmas! this is a christmas like no other, but however you’re spending it this year, we’re wishing you a peaceful christmas and a happy, healthy new year.⁣ love, team revolution x dior wishes you a merry christmas 2020! we wish you all a very happy holiday! did you remember to leave @nevillejacobs milk and cookies by the fireplace? we hope your day is just as merry as neville’s. happy holidays! we hope your is filled with happiness, joy, and laughter! artwork by @izakzenouillustrationist happy holidays from wishing you a little extra good for the most wonderful time of the year. glow all the way up, @dannaselene! she's using megaglo blushlighter in i met someone get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com it's all the sparkles for us this christmas from the bling bomb to the shimmer bomb, this christmas is all about full glam at home. use the revolution home room spray to set the right atmosphere for the celebrations leave a if you're still getting glammed up!⁣ @muabea happy holidays to every eye, lip, face and paw sending our community love and joy today! on this special occassion, it's only right if you take your look to paradise with lash and skin paradise! let us know what you most about this collection! say to bubbly fresh fel-to-foam cleanser wash away makeup, excess oil, and dirt with this airy gel-to-foam cleanser that lathers into a soothing, non-drying foam as you massage it onto damp skin. vegan noncomedogenic good for all skin types blue-green algae detoxifies provides nutrients aloe vera water keeps skin soft calm formulated without parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate, phthalates, mineral oil, formaldehydes launch dates: 12.27 @ultabeauty⁣⁣⁣ 12.29 select morphe stores 12.29 @sephoracanada 1.5 on morphe.com wishing you a very merry christmas from our too faced family to yours! just like the kira kira effect... irl get your omg glitter! on our site now closed merry christmas, beauties! we're treating 2 lucky babes to the ultimate present, our diamonds ice, please pr box! @missvintagelady here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy! us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on december 25, 2020 and ends at 9:30 am pt on december 26, 2020. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. sleigh, queen! @jaydeensarah started with the porefessional face primer boi-ing cakeless concealer to create a flawless base for this festive look! leave a if you've been naughty a if you've been nice this year @elliewillansmua inspired by @leebcmua ultimate glamour, glitter and shimmer! have you already tried our lip jewel n°24 purple stars? we hope your day is filled with presents peppermints @itsashleygram is the definition of festive with this she makes her look pop with our jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' what is your lucky number of coats of mascara? competition time⁣ fancy winning a revolution haul worth over £1000 to start off your 2021? of course you would! to enter:⁣ like this post follow @makeuprevolution we'll be checking!⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a friend and comment on our last 3 posts⁣ share on your stories for an extra entry good luck!⁣ tcs:⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 11.59pm gmt on sunday 3rd january 2021. one winner will be chosen at random by the revolution team. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 5 days of the competition closing. the winner will receive £1000 worth of revolution products across all brands. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram.⁣⁣ let it glow, let it glow, let it glow merry christmas to all of our fave babes! pssstt... make sure to grab our let it glow 4 color highlighter palette @ultabeauty this weekend while you still can let’s talk holiday looks. this year, are you all about the full-glam eyes or full-on lips? tell us below. showing up with some goodies happy holidays!caption this who's rockin' their ugly christmas sweaters today? @chloeybeauty creates this festive using our epic wear liquid liner in 'white' holiday who-be what-ee? @cakedbykelsey frames this grinch look using our micro brow pencil in 'ash brown' tag the grinch to your cindy lou who @keilidhmua now that's what we call a slay! there’s snowbody like you 12 piece brush set mistletoe kisses cashmere cream lip trio @alissajanay what holiday treats will you be indulging in today!? inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week this week we are sharing some of our favorite festive af looks from the e.l.f. community! make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week create radiant, red-hued looks from lids to lips using our collection. dressed special for the holidays, these limited-edition luxuries will make your days cherry and bright. he's a mean one @danao.mu completes this festive grinch using our epic ink liner and epic wear liquid liner in 'white' 'red' the category is...some realness from @naezrahlooks what are your plans for today? @aafrrin is serving alllll of the festive vibes with this holiday here are the deets: brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen in 'black' marshmellow smoothing primer radiant finish setting spray can't stop won't stop foundation in 'nude' wonder stick in 'deep' butter gloss in 'creme brulee' may your christmas be perfectly naughty! it’s cold outside, but this holiday look is so hot @sandijarquin complements her festive red lip with perfectly full defined brows using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 25 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our cherry on top 8 color shadow palette by tagging 3 friends below who are supa sweet 1 winner will be announced 1228 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @sofiasoutlet congrats @fannyybeautyy now that all the gifts under the tree are unwrapped, it’s time to treat yourself! @lianev sleighs all day everyday and this look is bringing us so much joy my new natural, everyday look. what do you guys think? rate it from 1-10 10 being best obsessed with the insane filter-like finish but also that it looks totally natural and it lasts all day long. available on @sephora products used: @wishfulskin yo glow enzyme scrub foundation stick in macchiato 400g water jelly hydrating primer brush sale.is.on tap link in the bio to shop revolutionbeauty.com it's selling quick, don't miss out! selected products only. limited time only december 26th: virtual kisses are the new thing! you can send plenty of them to your friends and family with our exclusive brilliant signature filter the power of red. it all started in 1947 during christian dior's shows when he introduced his coups de trafalgar with red dresses to impress and make the audience smile! i love red. red is the colour of life said christian dior. recover your hair before the end of the year with the serum universel from we’re half-way through the festivities so take some quality me-time to treat your hair with the care it deserves in the most sensorial way with the chronologiste ritual! enriched with hyaluronic acid, a star active in skin care and prized for its moisturizing properties, your hair regains flexibility and vitality. combined with abyssine and vitamin e, to revitalize and restore strength from the root while protecting your hair from aggressions. your hair is completely transformed, leaving it shiny and soft to the touch. a must-have product for @tucsiii to achieve her dream hair. how about you? new original liquid mineral foundation proves that less really does do more. get all the results you want in a foundation, with 88 naturally derived ingredients. made for each other. the ultra-buttery formula of our pressed highlighter, luminous blush, and sunlit bronzer apply smoothly and work together to create the most seamless, full-face glow. shades shown above: pressed highlighter in rose quartz sunlit bronzer in ipanema sun luminous blush in camellia cozy and killin’ it @yoshijocy gets her brows ready for a wintery weekend with ka-brow! eyebrow cream-gel color 5 deep! trending now! the sale bits you love! these bestsellers won't be around for long hit the link in our bio to shop the up to 50 of sale now swipe to see what you are loving right now! name something more satisfying than eye shadow swatches @makeup.just.for.fun plays with our new that’s my jam let’s play mini eye shadow palettes!! it’s here! our newest original just launched. head to @ultabeauty to see it and shop. get that summer bronzed glow, even in the winter bite size face duo in coconut includes a bronzer and highlighter for a easy, on-the-go glow use it with our blush brush and highlighter brush for flawless application tap to shop! mwah mwah mwah try out our brilliant signature filter and send your loved ones virtual kisses for 2021! have you tried it yet? giveaway closed! congrats @eemmatongg, @tillybean8205, @exxyyy! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 3 lucky winners to win a $150 e-gift card to shop more on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 122820 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 122920. face the last week of 2020 all glam’d up and ready to take on anything. pair glowing skin with daring eyes and boldly greet the new year. ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 26 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the so extra lip gloss duo in bloody mary by tagging 3 friends below who love a little spice 1 winner will be announced 1229 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @beautybybb congrats @moisa71 didn't get what you wanted? treat yourself to a little extra somethin' with 50 all of our diamonds ice, please faves! now through 1231. only at nyxcosmetics.com shout out to our photo focus loose setting powder for helping to set, mattify, bake, and absorb oil! we'd be lost and cakey without you get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com three cheers for the end of the year! what beauty products will you be ringing in the with, let us know in the comments below! transform in an instant. under eye brightening corrector brightens and corrects, neutralizing dark circles with color correcting pigments that reflect light to awaken the eye area. bright blooms!! apply 1 to 3 dots of peach bloom on the apples of your cheeks and blend by tapping with clean fingertips or a sponge for the ultimate stained glass skin effect!! be glamorous, be confident, be strong! we show you our must-have beauty items for this festive season. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°840 sparkle copper rush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°870 metall espresso⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blush couture⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip jewel n°30 showgirl⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hellooo pigment we could watch this video on repeat of our diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette cop this blinged out palette for 50 off exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com liquid glitter eyeshadows an e.l.f.ing delicious holiday treatcookies by @bakersmanncookies cookies inspired by our liquid glitter eyeshadows -only edible ingredients were used- not real liquid glitter eyeshadows comment your favorite shade below yes, you have read that right all colour books are now half price! be a bookworm and collect the whole set they are selling fast in the sale so don't miss out! during the new year celebrations! due to the restrictions placed in most of the countries, we know how this year’s celebrations might not happen the way we want them to but there’s no excuse not to dare to shine!! for the end of the year, shine with our exclusive breakthrough in-salon service! in just an instant get intensely shiny, lightweight, fluid hair. dare to and look at your best this season! book your appointment now at the nearest salon hair-salons.kerastase.com suddenly craving a bowl of juicy cherries? indulge in our edition le marc lip crème in maraschino-red shade oh miley! @ameliezoe serves up this metallic moment using some of our faves: diamonds ice please mega shadow palette suede matte lip liner in 'sandstorm' lip lingerie push-up long-lasting lipstick in push up butter gloss in 'madeleine' save this @maddieziegler makeup for inspo who's ready for 2021? @thetonyabrewer pro artist @muamartini puckers up wearing our limited edition diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'royal clapback' cop the collection for 50 off exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com swipe on a bravely bold lip for an audacious start to the new year. limited-edition in oh miley! always lifts our spirits. lashes lips 2 products for a complete look: dab benetint lip cheek stain on lips cheeks for a rosy flush, then coat lashes with weightless, buildable badgal bang! volumizing mascara done and done! @gabrielle.shoots 8 shades of buildable, light-reflecting color. which one is your fave? hydra-light plumping lip balm is infused with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture and a plumping peptide complex that visibly plumps lips. diamonds are a baddie's best friend treat yourself to a little bling with 50 off our diamonds ice, please faves exclusively on nyxcosmetics.com what are you adding to your cart? which non-sticky, feel-good finish is calling your name? can’t wait pinky mauve shimmer grateful magenta shimmer hi friend berry rose shimmer all smiles prismatic peach shimmer lucky me golden nude shimmer happy 1st night of to everyone celebrating! enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. you know how sometimes there's that special lip color that makes you go weak at the knees? for us, that's our mega last high-shine in sangria time get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com so many ways to add color to your look experience total control with our waterproof gel killer liner for ultra-smooth, razor-sharp killer lines that last for 36 hours!! lovin' this icy glam from @carolkchang using our limited edition diamonds ice, please collection here are the deets: diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please on the rise liftscara diamonds ice, please lipstick in 'on the rocks' diamonds ice, please lip topper in 'left on read' @rikkifeerrar uses our newest mascara, lash it loud for fuller, bolder and longer than ever lashes tap to shop for only $6 smudge-proof, budge-proof, kiss-proof! meet lovetint lip cheek stain, the lip cheek stain of your dreams! @birdami2 the iconic rouge dior is being reinvented... stay tuned! december 27th: our spokes take a minute to reflect on how they've practiced self-care throughout the year. we love it! how did you take care of yourself in 2020? it's the skincare sale edit save up to 50 on top-rated serums, face masks and more! swipe to see our top picks for you today!⁣ tap the link in our bio to shop our sale now! the iconic rouge dior with its cannage ring and midnight blue tube is getting a new look soon... stay tuned! such calming self-care sunday vibes from @natashandlovu. bring the spa home with our skinlongevity long life herb collection, for stronger, radiant skin. eyes that shine our liquid metallic eyeshadow in big dipper is infused with multi-dimensional metallic pearls that give one-swipe pigment and last all day tap to shop for $5 3x the light to keep them glowing through the holiday and beyond. the prismatica light essentials kit features 3 fan favorite shades of our best-selling pressed highlighter for a gift that will keep them glowing into the new year. want total knockout eyes? enter mega volume mascara for all your stunning lash needs! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we can already smell new year's eve from here and we haven't decided which eyelook will fit best this year. discover with us our 3 stunning eyeshadow palettes in nude, smokey and burgundy! swipe left to see all palettes! these shades though this is one glam drop you don’t want to miss out on and they are both in our sale! tap that link in bio to shop save some there are 2 precious glamour megastar eyeshadow palettes to choose from crystal luxe right diamond edition left each with 20 shades in each! mood: sexy, warm, and spicy shadows! our new light my fire mini eye shadow palette has 8 multi-finish shades full of rich, high pigment shadows that will have you lookin’ straight fire!! women demand audacity, not only makeup said serge lutens. beauty sleep, bottled pamper yourself this winter with 30 off all skincare, including eye cream, moisturizers more—only on benefitcosmetics.com through 1228! dry skin? we don’t know her. forget your winter skin woes with our skincare sundae set, a four-scoop treat of glow-inducing goodies for major hydration. which product is your fave from @charlidamelio? brow crush tinted brow gel⁣⁣ happy glaze lipgloss⁣ gleamcatcher illuminator l-balm lip balm prep polish lip scrub @glowwithnorhane completes this icy look wearing our butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' what's your fave shade from the collection? an extra long weekend means extra festive vibes @lisabtnr rocking naughty 30 color shadow palette what has 2020 taught you? is it happiness, gratefulness or forgiveness? we want to hear from you! from the light to the length lift mascara and more we can't leave these in the year before. so, we're walking into the new year with our favorite to shop now. in rebellious rose 420 getting all eyes on you has never been this easy! thanks to this glamorous makeup look.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°890 metal devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°880 metal nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°860 metal auburn⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°531 matt brick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°524 matt dark grey mocca⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ amazing effect mascara limited edition⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @lapetitechicmommy swatches a few of our og butter glosses which classic shade is your go-to? gorg! comment your fave part about our babe @angiemikaelian's glam via emoji!⁣ kitty likes to scratch mini palette killer liner shades espresso cashmere peach bloom cheek tint shade peach glow peach bloom lip balm shade peach punch⁣ better than sex lashes style natural flirt! these swatches of putty blushes though tap to shop the semi-matte, cream-to-powder putty blushes in 8 shades and the putty blush brush @makeupsessions up to 50 off sale most-wanted! we do love a sale, so we’ve handpicked team rev’s most wanted pieces from all our other brands need some inspo? keep scrolling get inspired with @nikolsvantnerovaofficial new year’s look to end this year beautifully: soft undone waves, a low ponytail with front pieces of hair framing the face! this look can easily be achieved at home with the right products! we have the kérastase styling range that puts high-performance hair products in your hands, for incredible volume, shine, hold and movement adapted to your hair type and desired look. and fresh affair that will help save the day and bring more body to the hair! what look are you going to do for the end of the year festivity? sometimes all you need is simply glowing skin, a juicy pout, and ultra-black lashes for a sensational holiday look. get this look plus a glossy red bag in our oui mon cherry gift set. pucker up our cashmere cream lippies are now 70 off at @ultabeauty! snag 'em before they're gone for good always go with a graphic liner @aa.stasia completes this fierce look using our can't stop won't stop powder foundation in 'warm honey' and butter gloss in 'praline' ready to discover the new look of rouge dior? more couture than ever... stay tuned! 5 days till 2021 we're only thinking about the shimmery looks we can create for w the morphe x @maddieziegler palette! are you going for a shimmer or matte look? @martaskollection oh gingersnap! @whitneykshepherd slays this minimalist holiday glam look with 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel and precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil! we gotchu with all your brow essentials sculpt shape with all of our faves, available at nyxcosmetics.com which product is your go-to? give your glow a dose of skincare with the oui mon cherry gift set, featuring our nourishing, coconut-infused recover lip oil and dew drops gel highlighter. looks like we figured out our virtual new year’s eve look. barbie is rocking the prismic look using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette and prismatica lip gloss kit. a literal ice princess @laura.baumane completes this glam look using some of our faves here are the deets: cream highlight contour palette micro brow pencil in 'ash brown' control freak eyebrow gel suede matte lip liner in 'los angeles' soft matte lip cream in 'toulouse' sunday funday in our fave lippie! treat your lips to our lip injection maximum plump that’s so powerfully effective, it’s not for plumping rookies! ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 27 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our exclusive bh x getstonned gem set by tagging 3 friends below who love their bling 1 winner will be announced 1230 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @blushedblonde congrats to @marybelle.lopez.24 srsly hard to choose a favorite our srsly satin lipsticks are super pigmented with a silky, smooth satin feel for only $3 tap to shop a visual representation of our brains during the week between christmas new year @houchinstagram @zyrken cherry bomb @lazybonesbeauty slays this vibrant wearing our bare with me cannabis brow setter micro brow pencil in 'espresso' epic ink liner gold, but make it bold tag someone who's your golden babe @makeupbyjessevansx psst… let us fill you in on the secret to @cukismakeup‘s stunning natural-looking brows she uses precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown! dress up and enjoy the night! do you love the look as well? make it yours. get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewel n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ metallic lip jewel n°26 iridescent rose december 28th: here's an exclusive sneek peak at what went down behind the scenes of our paradise campaign! first came your favourite allure forever flawless eyeshadow palette, then came forever limitless allure and then came forever flawless dynamic allure have you collected them all yet? smoky gray, intense black and powerful blue and purple tones set a pearly-glittering highlight during the day and in the evening. glow and shine with our eyeshadow palette smokey and prepare for a festive look! have you tried this palette already? 4 couture effects, a new wardrobe of finishes. stay tuned for the new rouge dior! the must-have lip kit? we think so! the allure lip kit will have your lips looking plump and juicy! featuring a selection of blush pink tones, this kit keeps your lips glossy all day long lip kit includes:⁣ revolution piece of cake sheer lip⁣ revolution glorified sheer lip⁣ revolution prime lip liner can you use megaglo blushlighter for more than cheeks? yep, like...everywhere! @jesiika89 shows us how to use it for your eyes, cheeks, cupid’s bow, and more get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com how to fake a nose jobmy updated nose contour tutorial @huda omg!@barbbeautyyy puts our camo cc cream and complexion duo brush to the test why you’ll love it: medium to full coverage with a natural finish formulated with spf 30 to protect against sun damage infused with good-for-skin ingredients like vegan collagen, hyaluronic acid and niacinamide $14 tap to shop! rouge is bold provocation said tyen. new year wishes and midnight kisses. in shade discreet 160, gets us ready for that special night tap to shop! that’s my jam! add fruity colors to your glam with our that’s my jam mini palette full of 8 multi-finish, high pigment shadows! looking for a little inspo for your at-home nye look? @mayagalore's got you. get ready to clink glasses in this glowy, natural makeup look with a punchy raspberry lip. full details below. barepro 16-hour full coverage foundation maya's shade is truffle barepro performance wear liquid concealer maya's shade is dark neutral brow master sculpting pencil maya's shade is coffee strength length serum-infused brow gel maya's shade is coffee gen nude eyeshadow palette in copper using shades bonfire, wild child, trippin’ and aura strength length serum-infused mascara bounce blur blush in coral cloud endless glow highlighter in fierce dew mist setting spray barepro longwear lipstick in raspberry forever flawless dynamics wear it your colourway! we originally launched 8 different colour stories; featuring intense colour poppin' shades @blowjive take care of yourself and remember that your mental health still matters. find more resources for mental wellness at @jedfoundation. @stacieswift we're starting 2021 on a high! what are your plans for the new year? get ready for your close-up with just three essentials: a simple wing, a lustful lash look, and a cherry-kissed pout. ice me out @makeupbygxbriel slays this icy, using some of our holiday faves diamonds ice, please shadow jelly in ‘a lister silver’ diamonds ice, please lip topper in ‘left on read’ butter gloss in ‘madeline’ how do you apply your brows? at the front of brow at the middle of brow at the end of brow on the whole brow drop a if you need more of this aesthetic in your life ho ho holy 2021 it's almost the new year! get ready to ring it in with all the mimosa your heart desires start 2021 fresh faced with smoothness hydrating cleansing oil smoothness bare haven soft moisturizer. this cleanser gently removes long-lasting makeup, while the moisturizer's nourishing combo of botanicals, peptides and ceramides helps to replenish your skin's hydration. @anthonyortez pamper yourself and your lips with your new go-to lip balm!! our new peach bloom lip balms are enriched with mango shea butters to moisturize, soothe, and protects your lips! @makeupworldof.iris slays this icy wearing our bare with me hydrating jelly primer born to glow radiant concealer control freak eyebrow gel close up we are mesmerized by this look from @klaudiamendyk using one of our forever flawless dynamic palettes shade: mesmerized and its lamellar technology shakes the code of haircare. with its healing power dissolved in a clear liquid, the formula acts instantly upon the fiber and rinses off easily for a weightless finish. the hair is left shiny, lightweight and fluid. what are you waiting for? book your k water appointment and dare to shine to end the year the right way! if salons are open in your country, find the nearest salon at hair-salons.kerastase.com pick your pleasure—statement-making cherry hues or breathtaking neutrals? our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific is full of lasting pigments in four fashion finishes. what makeup look will you be rocking for your indoor countdown?! @glambykathie in our bh x get stonned gem set the power of flowers. the new rouge dior is infused with red peony extract for a lip caring action. stay tuned! @badhabitbeauty is here to fix all your weekend mistakes shoutout to that 1 friend who knows all your bad habits but still loves you global brand ambassador and creative director @emmachamberlain is wearing the rehab green juice charcoal mask launching tomorrow 1229 in morphe stores online 10am pst amp up the volume lash it loud mascara has intensely rich pigments that easily coat lashes for a bold look while the flexible wand hugs every single lash with both vertical and horizontal bristles to amplify, define and add dimension tap to shop for only $6 @kxtbonifacio has us mesmerized with this electrifying she wears our diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette diamonds ice, please shadow jelly in ‘a-lister silver’ diamonds ice, please epic ink liner diamonds ice, please lip topper in ‘that’s fire’ to create the look which shade is your mood rn bright idea champagne pink sunshine golden peach woah gilded bronze starry sky electric indigo confetti holographic glitter bolt deep eggplant lush lashes meet luxe lids with major volume mascara and eye-conic multi-finish eyeshadow palette in cherrific. shop the look at @sephora and marcjacobsbeauty.com. instant transformation at your fingertips under eye brightening corrector brightens and corrects, neutralizing dark circles with color correcting peach and apricot pigments that reflect light to awaken the eye area. it’s the transfer proof color for us haven’t tried out shine loud high shine lip color yet? cop these ultra-pigmented high-shine lippies exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty ft. here is the shade ‘lead everything’ @chassydimitra here for the smoke @smithadepak enhances her eye look with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black roller lash mascara! double-tap for @jamescharles lookin' like a tie-dye masterpiece tag someone to bless them w the collection @flatlay2slay tiktok saw it first @glamzilla puts our new shine loud high shine lip color in ‘ambition statement’ to the ultimate transfer test don’t believe the hype? join the challenge cop this high shine lippie exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty love this flawless affordable face makeup tutorial by @dumbalec using wet n wild products ultimate brow retractable $4.49 prime focus primer serum $7.99 photo focus foundation matte $6.49 megaglo contouring palette $5.99 megaglo highlighting powder $5.99 powder light my fire @juliannastrid creates this look using all new too faced! she uses our light my fire palette; shades cheez wiz, cheese louise smokin’, killer liner in killer chocolate, peach bloom lip in lilac nude, cheek tint in peach glow, and better than sex lashes in style drama queen! we're bursting w @strashme's inspired look how's everyone saying goodbye to 2020? @vanessagyimah looks wearing our new camo cc cream in rich 620 w and lash it loud mascara tap to shop ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 28 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our stellar collision 17 color shadow highlighter palette by tagging 3 friends below who would love this multi-use palette 1 winner will be announced 1231 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @mo.pans congrats to @rodparties did you know: mascara was literally born from rocket science aero-particle technology delivers massive, gravity-defying volume without weighing lashes down looking for a mask-proof lippie? we gotchu our new shine loud high shine lip color checks all the boxes! 1 swipe loud color ultra-glassy, non-sticky finish 16hr no color transfer formula shop the collection online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty waterproof lip liner: everyone: can't understand how it lasts so long @zahrahis available on @beautybaycom it’s the brows for me @abiyak’s look wouldn’t be complete without precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown! you prefer a natural makeup look? then this eye makeup will suit you perfectly! products used: eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°12 chocolate cake⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°206 brasilian coffee⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @patriciakuligmakeupartist⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ december 29th: british treasure @helenmirren shines a light on what 'i'm worth it' means to her! always remember this, every person is worth it! we have shrunk the chilled forever flawless palette, and it is now available in a 8 shade edit create colour-poppin' looks on-the-go the forever flawless mini dynamic chilled eyeshadow palette contains 8-shades of your favourite earthy-toned emerald hues from the original forever flawless chilled palette maria from team revolution beauty has done a look using the soft-mattes, shimmers and pressed-glitter formulas included in the palette. the shades are infused with nourishing cannabis sativa seed oil, this green-toned palette brings good vibes only guess who is wearing the brand new rouge dior with such an attitude? stay tuned! dior created custom vegan accessories specifically for this rouge dior campaign. new year, new lips. we're planning on glamming up at home to ring in 2021 with our collection! go bold with in rouge excess 304 shimmer shine with lip shine in naked truth 104 be dramatic with in carnal 520 a prismatic virtual party look @malaeakina gives us a prismatic glow using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette in shade hustle all over the lid. she then used light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in shade refract to add color in her inner corner and multidimensional shimmer all over the lid and brow bone. i’ve seen improvement in my lash-hair growth and notice more fullness in my brows in under 3 months! @tarnkminhas the proof is in the results. our strength length serum-infused mascara and brow gel are infused with plant-based ingredients and potent peptides for naturally fuller-looking lashes and brows in just 8 weeks. enter our wild and jolly giveaway from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. we'd be lost without our essential brushes which is why we've made them totally affordable! these puppies only cost $1.19 $3.49 a piece get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com thanks for an year head to @spotify to bring in the new year with our e.l.f. the hauls album @skincarebyhyram @avani @siennamaegomez @sethobrien @madi the revolution chilled lip kit will bring those good vibes to your lips! lip kit includes:⁣ revolution hustle creme lip⁣ revolution demeanour sheer lip⁣ revolution vow lip liner what eyeshadow dreams are made of! what’s your fave too faced palette!? the queen @helenmirren has spoken! self-confidence has everything to do with self-worth! perfect your pout with our limited-edition in oh miley!, dressed in elegant mint for the holidays. i can't believe 2020 is almost over! i still remember the days when my family and i we're literally packing the lashes at home. it's so humbling to see how far we've come and it's all because of your love and support. you my loves are my inspiration i love you all sooo much and i can't wait to show you guys what i prepared for 2021! @graceanne slays this everyday natural using our new spring 2021 drop lift snatch! brow tint pen the brow glue instant brow styler shine loud high shine lip color in ‘cash flow’ glitter, pearls and sparkle we are obsessed! besides the visual wow effect on your lips, the lip jewels are convincing with a delicate expression. how do you like our lip jewel n°36 summer lights?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @badhabitbeauty is now available on morphe.com morphe stores! good to your skin, even when you're not with a product to help combat each of your bad habits: omzzz acaí nightly cleansing balm $22 this calming cleansing balm melts away stubborn makeup for soft, smooth skin you’ll love waking up to. power sleep melatonin glycolic night cream $25 this rich, overnight cream hydrates and retexturizes skin while you sleep for a brighter, smoother complexion. wake things upmatcha mint morning cleanser $19 this purifying cleanser washes away dirt and makeup without drying and invigorates skin so you’re ready to face the day. daily dosemultivitamin moisturizer $24 packed with skin-loving vitamins, this energizing gel cream instantly hydrates and brightens your complexion. dewd hemp nourishing facial oil $29 this deeply moisturizing oil is infused with ultra-nourishing botanicals for dewy, healthy-looking skin. chill out adaptogen hydrating mist $19 this refreshing, stress-relieving mist layers well under or over make-up for an instantly hydrating zen moment. 10-minute rehab green juice charcoal detox mask $24 like a juice cleanse for your skin, this clay mask absorbs daily skin pollutants for a healthy-looking glow. total reboot ahabha enzyme peel $28 this powerful resurfacing peel removes dead surface cells to reveal brighter, smoother, skin. silent mode hydrating hyaluronic mask $24 this deeply hydrating mask soothes tired skin and keeps you looking fresh. palm reader adaptogen nourishing hand cream $18 this rich, ultra-nourishing cream leaves hands feeling soft and pampered, not greasy. vegan cruelty free lookin' like that color of the year smoke 'n mirrors 10 piece brush set belgian waffle 6 color bronzer and highligher palette raise your hand if you think this haul has it all you don't 𝘩𝘢𝘷𝘦 𝘵𝘰 𝘣𝘦 𝘨𝘰𝘰𝘥 𝘢𝘭𝘭 𝘵𝘩𝘦 𝘵𝘪𝘮𝘦 to have good skin all the time global brand ambassador creative director @emmachamberlain is lookin' fresh in chill-out adaptogen hydrating mist @badhabitbeauty is now available on morphe.com morphe stores! have you snagged our new shine loud high shine lip color yet? swipe on bold glossy pigment slay 16 hours of no color transfer available online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty @maquillageitup our secret weapon for ultra-smooth, razor-sharp lines! our new killer liner is available in 11 shades, transfer resistant waterproof!! the ultimate skin perfecter poreless putty primer grips your makeup so it lasts all day and smooths over your skin for a flawless finish. how to use: 1. apply a thin, even amount to moisturized skin prior to makeup application. 2. allow to set for 30 seconds before applying foundation. pro tip: use with our putty primer applicator for easy and hygienic putty primer application tap to shop for $8 instant length, instant lift, instant definition, instant stretch instant volume coming tomorrow if you are looking for an effortless look this new year’s eve, in a flash with the revolutionary in-salon service. instantly the hair is soft, glowing and lightweight! @helenamatic book your appointment now and dare to shine this holiday season. @laurengiraldo rocks this cozy glam wearing out new lift snatch! brow tint pen in ‘brunette’ the marshmellow smoothing primer shine loud high shine lip color in ‘born to hustle’ buff away 2020 like... what's your resolution? big blue mood @makeupbysonya iced out in take me back to brazil a lil glittery graphic liner moment @adele.v uses our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil in ‘ash brown’ glitter goals liquid eyeliner in ‘quartzy’ ultimate utopia shadow palette to get the look get ready to ring in the new year looking gorgeous! @jocelynbiga is here to share the perfect new years’ eve even if you’re tap to view the full igtv and get the look now! we dare you to spam as many as you can @lenkalul inspo @daniellemarcan lightweight, full coverage, transfer-resistant. ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation lets skin breathe and stays comfortable no matter what your day has in store. available at @sephora and @sephoracanada nothin’ like a fresh brow clean-up @leesondra maps out her shape with then seals the deal with @24hrbrowsetter! bombshell alert! @tayloranise is taking our breath away with her look, using dewy foundation in toffee get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @catarinapetrovic swipes on our butter gloss in ‘fortune cookie’ to complete this blinged out, holiday beat winter dry skin will be shook after getting hit w that palm reader adaptogen nourishing hand cream leave hands feeling soft and pampered, not greasy w: antioxidant-rich apricot seed oil avocado deeply moisturize adaptogens nourish and soothe tired hands mandarin chamomile essential oils are a treat for your senses is available now on morphe.com morphe stores! serve a ravishing, classic glam for the new year countdown. full lashes plus striking, red lips make for an irresistible look to remember. recreate this look: use and o!mega glaze in gilty for a flawlessly glowing complexion. coat lips in ripened cherry-red lip crème in oh miley! add a flick of liner with and swipe on for instant lash drama. describe your favorite eyeshadow palette in three emojis below our 18 pan eyeshadow palettes have high-intensity color in matte, satin and shimmer shades for a wide range of eye looks eyeshadow palettes left to right: the new classics 18 hit wonders opposites attract earth ocean tap to shop for $14 the perfect winter glow! our born this way highlighting palettes refract light for a perfectly-lit complexion anywhere you go! describe @bybrookelle's look in only emojis in shade trendsetter coffee kissy inspired by @theballerinabridemua “mmm. eat glass.” @ryankellymua uses our white liquid liner to create this amazing @schittscreek inspired drop your fave quote from the show below are you looking for an amazing makeup look for tomorrow night? with our 3 eyeshadow palettes your can create this stunning and festive eye look! swipe left to see all looks! beauty note: the palette has a slim design with an integrated mirror and becomes your perfect companion wherever you go. products used: eyeshadow palette burgundy wine, elderberry iconic eyeshadow palette nude: cacao, muffin bronze eyeshadow palette smokey: nonstop, allurin, dazzling illusion image credits: photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup mua: @patriciakuligmakeupartist december 30th: knock knock who's there? 2021! get prepared, because we're heading to new levels in the new year! our sale just got bigger and better... now up to 60 off! we've added even bigger discounts to our favourite gifts, palettes and more! what are you waiting for? limited stock of some lines, tap link in bio to shop on revolutionbeauty.com now beauty is all about confidence says peter philips, creative image director of dior makeup. introducing our best mascara yet! take your lashes to the next dimension with our new 5d lash mascara! instant length,instant lift,instant definition,instant stretch and instant volume in as little as just 1 swipe introductory offers limited time only available at:⁣ revolutionbeauty.com offer price: £6.99€7.99$8 rrp £8.99€9.99$10⁣ @superdrug offer price: £6.99 rrp £8.99⁣ 5d mascara also available at @beautybaycom and coming to more partners soon want a game-changing mascara that can achieve instant length, lift, definition, stretch and volume in as little as just one swipe? introducing our new 5d lash mascara! 94 saw dramatically longer lashes 93 saw an instant lash lift over 90 saw all day wear results 88 saw one swipe impact 86 saw zero transfer results observed in a consumer panel survey of 67 participants new years resolution list: 1. find the perfect shade 2. always use primer for better results 3. try our imatch virtual shade try-on tool via the link in our bio tap to shop! congrats to our winners @sambutneversammy and @nickcolosimo we're kicking off the new year mint-chocolatey freshto get you excited for our newest collection dropping 11 comment your favorite ice cream flavor below and we’ll send 2 followers a cool treat we'll be giving you the full scoop on the collection later today stay tuned! perfect brow achievement unlocked! our ultimate brow retractable pencil is the only tool you need to create jealous-worthy eyebrows. available in 4 shades. get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com how cute are these sweet treats we bet @downtowndoughto draws a perfect cat eye every time too! that glow tho @asianqueen1 uses our peach bloom lip cheek tint in peach glow, peach bloom lip balm in lilac nude, kitty likes to scratch eye shadow palette, killer liner in killer chocolate, and our better than sex false lashes style drama queen! we this look by @jasmeannnn. it's powered by plant-based serums for lasting skincare results. get her look: skinlongevity long life herb serum complexion rescue tinted hydration gel cream strength length serum-infused brow gel gen nude eyeshadow palette latte strength length serum-infused mascara level up your lash game with the new 5d lash mascara the revolution 5d extreme extension mascara has a premium jet black formulation which is italian-made and has taken over two-years to develop, ensuring that it rivals mascaras that cost 3-times the price available at revolutionbeauty.com, @superdrug introductory offer alert! @beautybaycom coming to more partners soon let's make 2021 take off how do you plan on taking over the world? share with us your biggest dreams and ambitions! even though you may be celebrating from your living room, you can still ring in the new year with a full face of colour and light. brighten dark circles using under eye brightening corrector, get a natural, luminous glow with our pressed highlighter, and finish your look with pure colour in one swipe with ultimate lipstick love. giveaway closed! congrats @yuhhhayden, @shawnajoann, @lillinmandel! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 3 lucky winners to win a $150 e-gift card to shop more on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 123120. wow isn't this a fabulous eyecatcher? we are so in love with this stunning finish. how about you?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°12 chocolate cake eyeshadow n°517 matt chocolate brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°503 matt black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°880 metall nougat cream⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°870 metall espresso⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow jewels n°890 metall devine gold⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ long lasting liquid liner n°01 black pro tip brow liner n°34 blonde tip⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @makeupbyevva ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's day 30 of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win our glowing in greece 6 color blush highlighter palette by tagging 3 friends below who give off goddess vibes 1 winner will be announced 12 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @emilyjonesmua congrats to @makeupbystefie @badhabitbeauty is all about that balanced life how do you treat yo’ self? available now at stores @giorginajuanita has tested out the new 5d lash mascara see the results for yourself watch till the end never a struggle with neutrals, hands up if you agree @mrslanglam trending right now: newness! shop our new kitty likes to scratch palette, killer liners, peach bloom lip balms cheek tints, and our better than sex false lashes on toofaced.com! congrats to our winners @zyelbeauty and @curlsbysid ready for a scavenger hunt? we hid five products from our new mint melt collection launching 11! in this photo. comment aemoji below when you find all five hidden products- and we'll gift 2 followers an e.l.f. gift card sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to get first access when the collection launches on 11 our lip stains are kiss-proof and mask-proof! which one matters more to you?! comment or below! @beautypebykrislyn who says you only need diamonds to shine when you can have the magnetic shine of its unique blend of ultra-light care molecules is instantly activated upon contact with water and creates a flawless surface. you can have all the softness and shine in the world in an instant! if salons are open in your country, experience this incredible results of k water and its lamellar technology by booking your appointment now at the nearest salon! who's ready to get so extra at home in preparation for ho ho holy 2021?! @glamnads emily gets video ready in one swipe of buildable, light-reflecting colour with hydra-light plumping lip balm in shade swell. @emilymkemp a plumping peptide complex visibly plumps lips while mango butter and jojoba seed oil nourish dry lips. shop it exclusively at @ultabeauty and beccacosmetics.com where are you wearing this look to? @princess.kaae pretty party of 1, comin’ right up! grab your badgal to the bone set and get ready to hit up club zoom set includes: full-size volumizing mascara full-size matte bronzer mini face primer all for just $30 a $68 value! perfect in pink @aleksandrasosfa applies our born to glow! naturally radiant foundation in ‘buff’ as a luminous base for this pink moment trends come and go, but glitter is forever what makeup phases have you had? @makeupbylousims introducing, mint melt say hello to 3 of the 14 products from our new mint melt collection launching 11 on elfcosmetics.com mint melt cooling primer mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint sprinkle mint melt eyeshadow in mint to be stay tuned for more of the collection sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to be the first to get your hands on these new products on 11 available exclusively at @walmart starting 18 drum up major drama in the blink of an eye. in limited-edition cherry-covered packaging, gives the look, length and head-turning volume of falsies in just a few strokes. so fierce, kinda makes us rethink our lip wax @jakobejay glams up with: 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel they're real! lengthening mascara jet black boi-ing cakeless concealer 7 medium warm let us add a little bit of bronze add all-over warmth and a sun-kissed finish to your glam with these fan fave bronzers! have you copped the limited-edition 9 piece brush set set yet?! she won't be around for much longer she’s icy @makeupbyyro has us blinded with this blinged out she wears our bare with me cannabis primer born to glow! radiant foundation face body glitter in ‘ice’ to get the look my face when fill in the blank @meicrosoft inspo @nush.mu pair full and festive lashes with a subtle smoky eye. @morganemartini used the eye-conic palette in cherrific topped off with mascara on @madamealexandra. alright, so we’re starting over… what is one of your new year’s resolutions? scroll through the comments and like your faves to spread some love encouragement we’ve teamed up with @birchbox to celebrate the end of 2020 with a 2 winners will receive a $224 prize package of plus a one-year subscription to birchbox! here's how to enter: follow @bareminerals and @birchbox leave a comment in the section below head to the link in our bio to enter no purchase necessary; must be 18 or over and a legal us resident. only 1 entry per person. sweepstakes begins on 123020 and ends 1121. for full rules and entry details visit birchbox.comrules. void where prohibited. we have major heart eyes for @leesondra’s pink glam she slays a glowy base wearing our bare with me tinted skin veil in ‘true beige buff’ born to glow radiant concealer in ‘natural’ new launch buff, shape and blend to perfection with the revolution create brush range the perfect collection for liquid and powder products, these multipurpose brushes are ideal for professionals and beginners alike complete your set with the revolution create cosmetic blending sponges including the revolution create flocked sponge revolution create blending sponge and watch out for something to help clean your brushes in our next post! the 12-piece revolution create brush range available individually:⁣ create define fill brow brush r1⁣ create fluffy eye brush r2⁣ create buffing eye crease brush r3⁣ create fluffy blending brush r4⁣ create fluffy highlighter brush r5⁣ create soft focus brush r6⁣ create buffing foundation brush r7⁣ create angled foundation brush r8⁣ create sculpting powder brush r9⁣ create defining contour brush r10⁣ create detailed concealer brush r11⁣ create ultimate powder brush r12⁣ available from £3.50€3.99$5 each special offer bundles available, save up to 20 when you buy a set! tap the link in bio to grab yours a rouge smile embraces happiness, freedom, femininity and empowerment. red is powerful. the next rouge dior chapter coming in a new velvet finish! bye bye bye 2020! wishing everyone a blessed nye! happy new year repost @jakejamie is it done yet? tag a friend who relates tags entire world population december 31st: our wishes you all a happy new year! thank you for your love and support throughout the years! now, 2020 is part of the past—let's make 2021 a year to remember. what are your new year's resolutions? the celebration look. give your lips and eyes the attention they deserve this new year’s eve with this ultra-bold and modern look. step 1. apply the les beiges water-fresh tint using the included applicator brush by first mixing the foundation on the back of your hand. after, buff into skin using circular motions for a natural bare-skin effect. step 2. dab baume essentiel in transparent directly onto cheekbones straight from the stick. tap it in with fingers and let it melt into the skin for a subtle radiance. step 3. using the pinceau ombreur plat eyeshadow brush, apply the medium pink from les 4 ombres in candeur et provocation to the entire eyelid. step 4. line the upper lid tightly along the upper lash line using le liner de chanel in noir profond. go straight out past the lash line, stopping before the temple. step 5. line tightly the along the bottom lash line using stylo yeux waterproof in noir intense. start at the inner corner, stopping right before the outer corner of the eye. step 6. using le liner de chanel in noir profond continue the line created with the stylo yeux waterproof along the bottom lash line. line straight outwards running it parallel to the one on the upper lash line, stopping even with the upper line. step 7. apply le volume de chanel mascara in noir to the top and bottom lashes. step 8. finally, colour lips with rouge allure ink in idyllique using the included applicator. @loanenormand new launch alert don't forget to look after your brushes use the create brush cleanser cleaning mat to bring new life into your create brushes. this product offers a deep clean to keep your makeup tools looking fresh and bacteria free between use. tag someone who needs to clean their brushes happy new year from we're counting down to midnight a little louder this year. here's to a safe, healthy, happy 2021! leaving all the drama behind us, except for looks like these for won’t stop us from getting glammed up with a magical eye look! here’s @esteeprosophiegriffiths providing us with some gorgeous inspiration! double tap if you love this look! sculpting eyeshadow 5-color palette in dark ego stay-in-place eye pencil in onyx sumptuous extreme lash multiplying volume mascara sculpting lipstick in naked desire 122 holy glow! @mua.lydia is stunning in megaglo blushlighter in i met someone get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com creating minty-fresh eye looks has never been easier our new mint melt no budge eyeshadow sticks are long-wearing, crease-proof and creamy for easy-to-apply eyeshadow shades right to left: ice crème melt with me mint for you launching on elfcosmetics.com on 11 and exclusively at @walmart starting 18! best-selling award-winning. fan-favorite. get 2 must-have becca highlighter formulas in one kit. the special edition liquid light highlight kit includes: pressed highlighter in moonstone, a pale, incandescent golden highlighter ignite liquified light highlighter in passion, a pale, incandescent pearl that reflects gold serving spring in the middle of winter @makeupbycaliali sporting in shade 3.75! the ultimate brush squad each brush from the revolution create brush range has a beautiful rose gold finish and super-soft synthetic fibres with a special antibacterial coating integrated into the brush hairs to help prevent bacterial growth.⁣ would you collect them all or buy them individually? girls night in never looked so good! ring in the new year confident with our oil-free, waterproof, life proof born this way matte foundation! new year, new you. experiment with this glamourous look and conquer 2021 with a fresh boldness. get the look: les beiges water-fresh tint baume essentiel transparent pinceau ombreur plat n°202 flat eyeshadow brush les 4 ombres n°362 candeur et provocation le liner de chanel n°512 noir profond stylo yeux waterproof n°88 noir le volume de chanel mascara n°10 noir rouge allure ink n°836 idyllique @loanenormand dry skin is cancelled this winter @badhabitbeauty's silent mode hydrating hyaluronic mask soothes tired skin and keeps your skin hydrated: hyaluronic acid delivers deep hydration blue green algae adds a nutrient-rich boost you are all a part of our and for that we could never thank you enough! may this new year bring you new goals, new achievements and most importantly happiness! happy new year to you and your loved ones happy new year, cheers to a bright, beautiful year ahead! time to impress! our eyeshadow jewels are your must-have item for a glamorous look on new year's eve! thanks to its texture for a creamy and smooth feel on your skin. image credits: @natascha.lindemann before 2020 ends for good, we're throwing it back one last time sharing our most loved morphe campaigns! enter a seductive matrix with the morphe x @nikitadragun collection and live out your ultimate fantasy what was your favorite piece from the collection? looking back on a crazy year we're so thankful for all of you bh babes here's to even more chatting, sharing, epic looks and lots of good vibes in 2021 at the stroke of midnight who's ready to brush off their worries from this year and start fresh? what are y'all doing for tonight? we're getting some much needed tlc w @playa benefits of every day shampoo: coconut water: hydrates and nourishes sugar beet extract: stimulates roots for volume and growth aloe vera enzymes: attract and lock moisture while rebalancing the ph of your scalp capryl glucoside gentle, coconut-derived cleanser: gives a generous foam with tiny detoxifying bubbles that nourish the hair and scalp ho ho hooray giveaway closed it's the last day of our 31 days of giveaways! enter to win the belgian waffle 6 color baked bronzer and highlighter palette by tagging 3 friends below who glow 1 winner will be announced 13 at 10am pst on this post. good luck! @makeupbygxbriel congrats to @pinaydora flavor of the week: secret sauce @soolmuaz gets this juicy, multidimensional color with our lip injection lip gloss shade secret sauce! the countdown is on, 2021 here we come! what are your new year's resolution? tell us in the comments down below! swatches of our new mint melt eyeshadow in chocolate mint dropping 11 on elfcosmetics.com sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to get first access to the mint melt collection on 11! let’s hear it all eyes on georgia peach state benebabes: today’s the last day of early voting in the jan 5th us senate runoffs! you have the power to make a difference in this important election. vote! @kristas.beauty @branalunan is ending 2020 on a high note what went down this year for you? dior wishes you all the best for the new year 2021! shining from every angle. check out this multidimensional look that makeup artist @yulenizq created on @georgiaoficial using a full face of becca, featuring the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette and lip gloss kit. product breakdown: becca x barbie ferreira prismatica palette becca x barbie ferreira prismatica lip gloss in sparkle first light priming filter ultimate coverage foundation anti-fatigue under eye primer ultimate coverage longwear concealer under eye brightening setting powder sunlit bronzer capri coast luminous blush in snapdragon ultimate lip definer, ultimate lipstick love skin love mist setting spray deliciously versatile, our limited-edition eye-conic palette in cherrific transforms daytime neutral to nighttime extra. tap to shop on marcjacobsbeauty.com. how are we all ringing in the new year? you can catch us on the couch rockin’ a full beat pro artist @makeupwithivan spills the tea on his glam here’s what you’ll need: diamonds ice, please epic ink liner glitter primer face body glitter in ‘gold’ shaped glitter in ‘electro’ diamonds ice, please highlighting palette shine loud high shine lip color in ‘global citizen’ matte setting spray this new year’s steal the show. go extreme with deep red shades, liquid lines and radiant reflections. discover the star products of this eye-catching look. get the goods: les 4 ombres n°362 candeur et provocation stylo yeux waterproof n°88 noir le volume de chanel mascara n°10 noir le liner de chanel n°512 noir profond rouge allure ink n°836 idyllique les beiges water-fresh tint baume essentiel transparent enter our wild and jolly from now through dec 31! follow us on ig and check our stories daily for your chance to win. mega last lip colors, assemble! get knockout lips with any of the our mega last matte or high-shine lip colors 26 shades available get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com big bling energy is coming with our new birthstone collection the first gem garnet for january launches tomorrow only on our site guess that morphe x palette @flatlay2slay ring in the new year with bold pops of cherry-inspired hues and a glossy neutral lip. @morganemartini created this radiant look using the eye-conic palette in cherrific and recover coconut lip oil on @justjenaye. choose one: who are you ringing in the new year with!? damn girl or better than sex?! let us know in the comments! subtle new year’s look perfect for that zoom holiday party @makeupbyhiildaa wears precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown! there’s no better way to ring in the new year than with a little sparkle who else is rocking our face body glitter tonight? dancing away 2020 like... who else is doing some tlc skincare tonight for is now available @ultabeauty⁣⁣⁣ @sephoracanada select morphe stores coming to morphe.com 15 @doralysbritto is wearing our restart detox face mask byeeee 2020, it's time for us to shine share your beat with us by tagging @makeupbylourose cheers to leaving 2020 behind and gettin’ that glow up in ‘21 have a rockin’ new years eve night in with a bottle of bubbly and the your b.right to party skincare brow set! one way to stay warm this winter: absolutely brows! @lilfiremac uses precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 2.75 warm auburn 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! 2021 rule: don’t speak of 2020 happy new year! 2020 was a hard year for us all, let's look ahead to 2021! ready to kick off the new year with ultra glossy hair? be sure to shine bright in 2021 with our casting crème gloss color treatment! it's the perfect solution to tackle those first greys. 2021 is the year to and accomplish all of your new year’s resolution! start it right by giving your hair the beauty sleep it deserves: leave the 8h magic night sérum overnight and be ready to wake up to soft, nourished, beautiful lengths. share with us your wishes for 2021 in the comments down below! announcement revolution beauty is supporting mental health awareness keep watching to find out all about it! throughout january we will be using our platform to spotlight mental health charities, resources, feel-good content, self-love and expert tips advice it’s our third year of our campaign and after 2020, we feel it’s more important than ever to encourage conversations, coming together and to open discussions about mental health and mental wellness join the conversation using dior wishes you all the best for the new year 2021! get unready. end your evening in luxury. in just a few simple steps clean and re-set your skin with chanel skincare’s gentle and rejuvenating formulas. get firmer, smoother, radiant skin, and a luxuriously sensorial routine. step 1. shake démaquillant yeux intense makeup remover to mix the two phases. apply the gentle solution to a cotton pad and remove lipstick and eye makeup. step 2. apply l’eau micellaire cleansing water to a clean cotton pad and wipe away remaining makeup and impurities on face and décolletage. step 3. finally, apply le lift crème using the included spatula to each cheek and work into skin with gentle circular motions. @loanenormand we hope this new year brings you happiness only great things! we'd love to know: what are your new year's resolutions? tell us in the comments below! new year, new collection. now available on elfcosmetics.com meet our new mint melt collection this limited-edition collection is now available on our site with products starting at only $4 tap to shop the minty fresh collection also available exclusively @walmart starting dior wishes you all the best for the new year 2021! eyes stunning look by @w.khan with our mega last liquid eyeliner get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com in 2021, let cicanuit sérum care for your hair, and dare to be you! a clean foundation with a naturally luminous finish, new original liquid mineral foundation is @haileybieber’s everyday go-to. find your perfect match! get a safe and free shade matching at one of our boutiques. click the to find the boutique nearest you. the first 3 words you see decide your vibe for 2021. which did you see? tell us below. these lashes might have just cured our hangover @hayleybui tops off her look with badgal bang! volumizing mascara! cheers to a new year gorgeous!! cure your beauty hangover on with our hangover skincare! the revolution resolutions! ahead of our @planetrevolution1 brand launch we've been working on becoming as sustainable as we can. it's a journey and we're asking you to join us for the ride!⁣ our number one resolution is to continue to always do better where we can and seek positive change. we're not perfect but always improving and listening to you. this means looking at big improvements on our packaging and practices across all brands planet revolution is just the start...⁣ we can't wait to share this journey with you through 2021 and beyond.⁣ join us in sharing your resolutions in the comments below follow @planetrevolution1 a glossy and no-ammonia year 2021 awaits you achieve natural-looking color with shimmering tones using casting crème gloss from l'oréal paris. its yummy, ammonia-free, crème formula blends away first greys in just 20min for a perfect start of the year! the first monthly drop garnet for january happy birthday, babes! give or get this month's gem only on our site, for only $9 what's your fave duo? @martaskollection closed new year, new we're treating 1 lucky beauty to our new spring 2021 faves! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on january 1, 2021 and ends at 9:30 am pt on january 2, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. tag a babe who needs a colorful start to their 2021 @dianalamoudi happy 2021 beauties! start the new year and create this beautiful look. the perfect shades for a everyday look do you agree? swipe left to see the stunning eyes and lips closer! products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis image credits: @natascha.lindemann what are your new year's resolutions? @chloeybeauty rings in 2021 with this sparkly she uses our epic wear liquid liner in 'white' to get the look you can choose only one to do your whole look, which one are you grabbing 9k khaki calling palette 9c color me cool palette midnight heat metallic trio liquid liner in blank slate gel liner in jet m443 pointed liner brush @cabazitamorada we want to hear from you! what would you like revolution to launch in 2021? comment below and let us know! we are always listening mint shades make us mint melt our new limited-edition mint melt collection has the mint chocolate eyeshadows of your dreams tap to shop the new collection! available exclusively @walmart starting 117 start 2021 in total control with our killer liner!! this waterproof gel eyeliner glides on for ultra-smooth, razor-sharp killer lines that last for 36 hours! new year, new vibes @angelmoret is putting in werkkk in our just dropped garnet for january 7 color shadow palette new year, new hair! start 2021 the right way by finding your tailor-made care routine. the kérastase hair diagnosis is one click away from you. www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool let 2021 be the year you achieve your dream hair! easy, gentle, glossy! casting crème gloss is a gentle way to add natural-looking glossy color to your hair! 98 of women agree that it's easy to use. do you? @danao.mu slays this festive using our epic ink liner epic wear liquid liner in ‘sapphire’ ‘white’ ‘yellow’ the perfect trio. remove, cleanse and recover. démaquillant yeux intense removes stubborn and waterproof eye makeup and lip colour. l’eau micellaire’s anti-pollution formula cleans away impurities from your skin. le lift crème hydrates and firms leaving a smooth, radiant complexion. perfect brows in the palm of your hand how many minis do you have in your makeup collection?! @greekandchic benefit tag someone who needs to re-create this look @makeupbyferide pick your winter 2021 player now available new mint melt eyeshadows in mint to be and chocolate mint are now live on our site for only $4 these palettes are packed with pigment in a mix of matte and shimmer shades to create a variety of minty fresh eye looks use the to shop the new collection! also available exclusively @walmart starting 117 layer lush, cherry-inspired hues on your lids in four wearable fashion finishes: buttery matte velvet, shimmering satin, sparkling silk and metallic lamè. tap to shop the eye-conic palette in cherrific. after the year we had, it’s time to take it back to zero and let the world see nothing but you. start the year out with a fresh face with becca zero no pigment virtual foundation. this makeup and skincare hybrid has zero pigment, so it gives you a smoothed out, blurred out, virtually invisible finish with the hydration of skincare. perfect for days when you want to take a break from a full faced makeup look. leave nothing but gold emojis to hype up @jaimariah's slayage you're gorg, garnet! this month is all about garnet for january a multi-faceted, compact mix of fiery reds, smokey tones and blushed nudes go get these vegan pressed glitter, matte and shimmer finishes for only $9 on our site shine brighter than ever before. create an intoxicating glow from head-to-toe using the o!mega glaze all-over foil luminizer in gilty. serious glow goals @marisarosemph gives @witneycarson a soft-gold shimmer pop with cookie powder highlighter! if you still can’t microblade, you can always microfill! get the look without the commitment or appointment! with brow microfilling pen! 2021 looks good on you, @carolosada comment your fave part of this look via emoji!⁣ light my fire mini palette⁣ better than sex faux mink lashes drama queen⁣ killer liner shades gingerbread black peach bloom lip cheek tint in peach glow⁣ peach bloom lip balm in peach punch⁣ natural origin ingredients for a satin-soft colored hair our casting crème gloss conditioner is enriched with coconut oil to provide extra nourishment and ultra-glossy hair! we’re pledging £20k to revolution beauty is supporting mental health awareness by splitting £20,000 between four incredible charities these are all charities that you, our amazing community, have told us about. they are charities who have either helped you, a loved one or a charity which you support every saturday in january, we will pass the mic to these local and national charities to highlight the services they provide, and offer our platform to spotlight the incredible work they are doing to champion change get involved in spreading awareness and connecting with others by using take it all off with démaquillant yeux intense makeup remover and l’eau micellaire cleansing water. finish with le lift for smoother, firmer, radiant skin. @loanenormand let’s twist it with our twist for volume mascara! the ultimate 2 in 1 mascara is definitely your go-to product two brush settings for two different effects: twisted out the brush lengthens and separates the lashes, twisted in it adds volume and curl. doesn't it sound pretty amazing?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new year resolution to make your hair colour pop? we hear you what better time to bring new life into your hair with 16 colours to choose from for blonde brunette hair. california orange looks incredible on @janieturnerxo which colour would you like to try? in 2021 be bravely you and never be afraid of falling! naturally luminous, clean coverage for all. new original liquid mineral foundation comes in 30 shades so you can find your perfect match. and if you're near a boutique, stop by for a safe and complimentary shade match. make new part of your daily wellness routine. with new fast repair and 8-hour antioxidant protection, now is the perfect time to try our mini and join tap to shop this mini now! holy skin our full holy hydration collection has clean formulas and effective ingredients for a full holy regimen the full lineup: holy hydration! face cream holy hydration! face cream fragrance free holy hydration! makeup melting cleansing balm holy hydration! daily cleanser holy hydration! eye cream tap to shop for hydrated skin the proof is in the plump!! get plumper, bouncier cheeks over time while minimizing pores with our plump prime face plumper. available @ultabeauty! no pigment. no limits. smooth, blur, and perfect the appearance of skin with zero no pigment virtual foundation this a makeup and skincare hybrid has zero pigment, so it gives you a smoothed out, blurred out, virtually invisible finish with the hydration of skincare. perfect for days when you want to take a break from a full faced makeup look and show the world nothing but you. new year new hair! colour without the commitment with the new range of revolution haircare brunette tones hair dyes blonde tones hair dyes! ideal for adding that pop of colour for 2-15 washes! 16 colours to choose from vegan⁣⁣ cruelty-free your casting awaits you... easy hair color and suitable for all hair types! whether your hair is curly, straight, long, or short, this semi-permanent hair dye will leave you with ultra-glossy hair. and! without ammonia say to li'l pick-me-up mist 3-in-1 face mist use it any time of day as a toner, to set makeup, or to freshen up your complexion with a dewy glow. this alcohol-free formula leaves skin feeling hydrated and balanced. use it whenever you need a li’l boost—anytime, anywhere. vegan noncomedogenic good for all skin types nourishing niacinamide brightens cucumber water and aloe vera locks in moisture orange water flower softens skin formulated without parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate, phthalates, mineral oil, formaldehydes is launching in 3 days on morphe.com 15! now available @ultabeauty @sephoracanada, select morphe stores! gemsquad alert each month, we're celebrating three birthday babes and showcasing how they rock their unique stone and its traits @katie.artistry reps garnet for january by being loyal, sensitive and a go-getter @strashme serves this lil saturday skin moment using our new spring 2021 launches ft. here is our marshmellow smoothing primer brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen what’s better than sleeping in on a saturday morning, you ask? sleeping in and waking up to gorgeous, hydrated skin. our skin of your dreams kit can help you do just that featuring four for you to try and fall for! skin so good, reality is better than your dreams tap to shop now! perfect saturday brows @lovephoebee uses and in shade 6 to get natural-looking beauties that pair well with sweatpants and wine while these might look a little like a delish they're actually mega glo contouring palette and while they don't taste like a cookie, they're just as satisfying for your contouring needs! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com blessing your feed with a little marshmellow smoothing primer @honeydewgloss it's all about naturalness. these beautiful shades of our art couture nail lacquer are perfect to create a striking nude look. check out these lashes! @chloeandcosmetics has started her 2021 with a bang with an eyelash glow up using the new 5d mascara from @makeuprevolution if you watch my videos you’ll notice that i have quite sparse eyelashes that tend to point downwards which means it can be quite hard for me to embrace my natural lashes. with this new 5d mascara you can see for yourself my eyelashes look insane! i feel so confident about my stubby little lashes after wearing this it holds the curls, lengthens, adds me a perfect amount of volume and separates them so each lash looks perfect, exactly how i want my lashes to look will you be trying out this mascara? looking back at our 2020 launches like...what 2020 e.l.f. cosmetics collection was your favorite? cbd skincare collection e.l.f. x jkissa retro paradise e.l.f. x chipotle what are you hoping to see from us in 2021? in 2021, dare to defy fear and take action to change your reality. if you find a trail of hair strands everywhere you go, start the year right and give your hair the anti-fall care it needs with genesis. you can find your tailor made routine by doing our online hair diagnosis at www.kerastase-usa.comdiagnostic-tool sunshine in a compact. add head-to-toe reflective radiance with the limited-edition o!mega glaze luminizer in gilty—a warm, peachy gold. anyone still cleaning up from new year’s? garnet the gang create endless looks with these high-impact matte, shimmer and glitter shades, all in one compact little gem @blackbirdkhai has us hypnotized with this everyday makeup routine here's the product breakdown: the marshmellow smoothing primer the marshmellow blending sponge the brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen born to glow radiant concealer flood the comments with to celebrate this look by @muarosiemay inspired by @jennseren @bylilibet is using some of our rockstar products for her warm glam look: foundation concealer, plus our megaglo blushlighter! get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we're rolling into 2021 with fresh, smoothed, and hydrated af skin our new marshmellow smoothing primer is infused with marshmallow root extract for 10 sweet makeup extending benefits: smoothes softens extends makeup hydrates soothes evens tone minimizes texture blurs lines soft focus finish keeps makeup looking fresh available now at nyxcosmetics.com big smiles and big lashes for a fresh start to the new year. @madamealexandra radiates with full, voluminous lashes using mascara. instantly lifted and perfected brows for only $2 instant lift brow pencil is a dual-ended precision liner and spoolie duo that helps you shape even, defined brows. tap to shop a hydrating and plumping mask for your lips, transparent enough that you can wear day or night. hydra-light plumping lip mask applies sheer, cocooning lips in a light-reflecting layer of moisture for fuller looking lips, day or night. @inngenue slays this super soft everyday using our new spring 2021 faves: marshmellow smoothing primer the brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen 100 tampons this bop is about to be stuck in your head all day...you’re welcome song: @marciasky starring: @christaallen the marshmellow effect cop our marshmellow blending sponge for a super smooth streak-free application available online at nyxcosmetics.com which @frankbod product do you want to try next? original coffee scrub⁣ works its magic on breakouts, scars, cellulite, and stretch marks. made w coffee, vitamin e, and antioxidant-rich oils that keep your skin looking perky, even and soft caffeinated scalp scrub exfoliating scalp scrub removes product build up detoxifies your scalp for healthier, shinier hair.⁣ made w natural ingredients like coffee and rosemary caffeinated hair mask helps restore the hair shaft and hydrate the scalp, this 2-in-1 formula softens hair instantly won’t leave your hair greasy or weigh it down @courts.skincarediaries gemsquad alert gorg bday girl @its.sarahmae taps into garnet for january’s energy when she's feeling like a productive af go-getter who knows how to werk it we’re blushing! get a fresh glow with this color adapting, easy to blend peach bloom lip cheek tint!! pink dreams are made of this! our new let’s play mini eye shadow palette was inspired by fun-loving gamers with shades so playful, you’ll be saying “game on!” with our anti pollution spray you have the perfect start into the day! with its invisible shield it protects your skin against harmful environmental influences as well as it fixes your makeup and keeps your skin hydrated all day long.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ have you already tried it? if yes, leave us a comment with your references. we would be very happy. image credits: photographer: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @justinebraun⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ is your new year's resolution also to work out harder? undergo our full resist regime for a full hair workout that will rebuild your hair's strength. it's charged with powerful supplements, such as biotin vitamin b5 arginine to work in affinity with the hair fibers from root to tip. results? day after day, the scalp feels healthier and hair breaks less. what's your favorite product from the full resist range? what does mean to you? revolution beauty is supporting mental health awareness. throughout january we will be using our platform to spotlight mental health charities, resources, feel-good content, self-love and expert tips advice it’s our third year of our campaign and after 2020, we feel it’s more important than ever to encourage conversations, coming together and to open discussions about mental health and mental wellness champion change with us join the conversation! share your stories tagging @makeuprevolution the blonde women mindset is unapologetically ambitious. once she decides what she wants, there’s no stopping her. but the struggle to get the exact desired blonde and keep a healthy, color-true head of hair is real. or at least it was... you dare, we care to the extreme coming soon… stay tuned! we have shrunk the chilled forever flawless palette, and it is now available in a 8 shade edit along with a chilled lip set too create colour-poppin' looks on-the-go kérastase dared to go extreme and created three ultra carrying innovations to intensely care and repair demanding bleached hair. coming soon: lightweight powerful formulas adapted to porous, fragilized and compromised bleached hair. stay tuned! another original from yours truly. our clean, vegan liquid mineral foundation has arrived. browse all 30 shades @ultabeauty to find your match. dewy? matte? which shade is right for you? use our foundation finder on wetnwildbeauty.com to find your perfect foundation! get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com this year, we resolve to make a priority and why not also make it luxurious? our ultimate diamond collection is infused with the rare and elusive which is exclusively harvested in the south of france. it's time to pamper and perfect your skin and experience a life of with re-nutriv! skin in mint condition our new mint melt whipped face mask is packed with skin-loving ingredients like willow herb and vitamin e for fresh, moisturized skin it soothes redness dry skin with a fresh cooling effect and a sweet mint scent. tap to shop for $8 introducing the forever flawless mini dynamic allure eyeshadow palette and the allure lip set to match containing 2 sheer lip glosses and a lip pencil! they are a must-have for any allure fans! you asked for more lip kits, and we listened this look @omgitsgare adds extreme length and fullness with our better than sex false lashes style drama queen! he tops off his glam with our better than sex waterproof mascara and better than sex eyeliner! new year, new hair resolutions! our full resist series ensures that your hair is ready for whatever challenges that might come in 2021! forget about excessive hair breakage or fall out we got you covered! talk to me what's your go-to listed below face eye gloss lip mousse in dream in bright idea lip oil in fairytale @awhjasmin rediscover bestselling major volume mascara in collectible, cherry-covered packaging. inside, find the same award-winning formula for smudge-resistant, dramatic volume. @bynahhdee swipes on our butter gloss in 'madeline' to complete this 80's inspired glam meet our skin of your dreams kit 4 steps to smoother, fresher, healthier-looking skin! tap to shop this limited edition set now! brilliant bb gift your besties or yourself with our vegan and extra clean garnet for january palette family time what does your skin want? drop the emoji below! hydration mattification brightening how many butter glosses do you have in your collection? @mothergloss snaps a pic of her stash for skin so smooth, it’s unreal! blur imperfections with our nourishing primed poreless primer formulated with hyaluronic acid, and vitamin c e! our 2 newest members for the forever flawless dynamic collection! time to vote, want to know your favourite!⁣ drop a in the comments for dynamic allure or a for dynamic chilled are you ready to go extreme? the big drop is tomorrow! stay tuned as our muse @emrata reveal new groundbreaking innovations for ultra demanding bleached hair! @makeupbymissevelyn has us mesmerized with this bronze beat she completes the glam with our butter gloss in 'madeleine' let's put it to the test with the full resist hair rebuilding program from you're sure that your hair has the power to resist the most! it's proven to leave 2x less hair on the brush. do we need to say more? only 5 e.l.f.ing dollars...so you don't have to feel guilty about getting one of every shade products left to right: total face sponge ride or die lip balm in just peachy liquid glitter eyeshadow in flirty birdy sheer slick lipstick in dragon fruit sheer slick lipstick in black cherry tap to shop $5 favorites gemsquad alert happy birthday month, @theblondetaylor! this baddie is def a garnet for january girl she's productive af, sensitive and a go-getter! when do you usually mask? morning or night how to apply restart apply a thick, even layer to clean, dry skin leave on for 10 minutes or until mask is completely dry starting at outer edges, gently peel off and rinse face with warm water is launching in 2 days on morphe.com 15! now available @ultabeauty @sephoracanada, select morphe stores! make the new year beautiful. resolve to uplift your mood with the romantic floral oriental of step into the spotlight with full volume lashes and cherry-kissed lips. @morganemartini used mascara and in oh miley! on @justjenaye. @cakedbyevelyn swipes on our butter gloss in 'creme brulee' to complete this mesmerizing makeup look @nyane wears our born to glow! naturally radiant foundation in ‘caramel’ as a base for this dreamy pink moment @nyane wears our born to glow! naturally radiant foundation in ‘caramel’ as a base for this dreamy pink moment garnet gang all day, every day ready to add this gem to your makeup vault? leave a below if you’ve tried our new that’s my jam mini eye shadow palette! it's packed with 8 exclusive multi-finish shades with a silky smooth formula for easy blending! what's your fave part of this look? @chaylachaylene we are washing our faces daily in 2021 holy hydration! daily cleanser is a gel-based, foaming cleanser that helps wash away excess oil, impurities and makeup tap to shop for $6 we all need a reminder sometimes. our friends at @jedfoundation remind you that, no matter what comes your way, you got this. @pinkishpiendel wears our hd photogenic concealer wand control freak eyebrow gel as a base for this rosy on fire @indiarosemakeup in zodiac 25 color shadow highlighter palette smooth moves all 3 of our silky-smooth primers work double time to minimize the look of pores fine lines while creating a perfect base for makeup! @houchinstagram @zyrken are you still looking for your maskproof essentials? we are glad to introduce you to our faves! these two fixing essentials are amazing during these times and prevent your makeup from transferring to your face mask no more excuses to skip your beautiful makeup!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3 in 1 make-up fixing spray⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ fixing powder⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ make your hair put up a fight with the full resist power mask, you don't need to worry about excessive hair breakage or fall out, ever again! the reinforcing formula is charged with biotin, vitamin b5, and arginine to work your hair from root to tip! we are continuing our month with a live yoga class on our instagram today at 5pm gmt12pm est9am pst improve your flexibility boost your mood reduce stress and join @ayogini later on our instagram live⁣ tag a friend to let them know more modern, more iconic than ever, the new rouge dior keeps the legend alive. decorated with a new ring featuring the dior initials, it echoes the fitted waists of the designs reinterpreted each season. now available in a new velvet finish: extra matte with long-lasting comfort! the new rouge dior is now refillable. link in bio. rouge dior 999 velvet you dare, we care to the extreme! blond absolu dares you to express yourself. it is an empowering statement to celebrate diversity, for all blondes, in all lifestyles, who dare to stand out. for those who dare to go all the way, for those who dare to push boundaries, for the blondes who dare to go extreme! introducing the 1st post-procedure healing care for extreme blonde hair: blond absolu cicaextreme. you dare, we care featuring @emrata @warukatta @igeeeeezy it's only good vibes here feeling chilled today with the forever flawless chilled palette how's your week going?⁣ @ameliemakeup88 the more you dare, the more we care! meet cicaextreme: the new extension of the blond absolu range upgraded with with the new duo of high and low molecular weight hyaluronic acid for your post-procedure healing care. a trio of new products designed for ultra-demanding blonde that can be mixed matched with your current blond absolu routine. for the crucial days after bleaching, get 94 stronger and 85 more hydrated hair with cicaextreme. so, go all the way, we say. it’s not where you started out that counts, it’s the extreme to which you dare to go. @aerin’s rose de grasse transports you to a garden of roses an indulgence worth taking to upgrade your vanity for the season. a sensational celebration of the rose at its finest, tap to shop now. dior is delighted to present the reinvention of the emblematic rouge dior lipstick, embodied by our icon @natalieportman! enigmatic, audacious and charming, rouge dior is on everyone’s lips. in keeping with christian dior’s wish to “dress women’s smiles”, @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, opens a new chapter in 2021 that is more couture than ever before. stay tuned for more! rouge dior 999 velvet dior created custom vegan accessories specifically for this rouge dior campaign. we love a pop of color @paox33 uses our hydrating camo concealer and lip lacquer tap to shop our clean, vegan foundation uses just 19 ingredients but produces some pretty powerful results. reduce visible redness by 20 with new original liquid mineral foundation. your eyeliner game just got a major upgrade! experience total control with our killer liner for razor-sharp killer lines! available in 11 shades. @hankeup created this magnetic look with the forever flawless chilled with cannabis sativa palette tag us on your looks or use for a chance to be featured no more having to choose between shine and ultrawear. new rouge allure laque. the first shiny satin liquid lipstick with infallible hold. a vibrant makeup result that lasts for 12 hours. shop the shade: rouge allure laque 80 timeless clinical evaluation on 21 women and instrumental evaluation on 21 women. the best makeup for above the mask. under eye brightening corrector is a full coverage corrector that brightens, corrects, and neutralizes dark circles. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended liquid shadow for multiple looks. raise of hands if you always choose gloss over matte @flatlay2slay 2x better experience 2x stronger hair, while dealing with 2x less hair on the brush with our full resist power mask. all about this bubblegum look with a hint of spice, gurl! wannabe recreating this look by @danielleelliott? try our 40 eyeshadow palette and mega last high-shine lip color in clothes off get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com damnnnn, she's a dazzler who's grabbed their garnet for palette?! take a few minutes from the day back for yourself relax with this guided yoga session from @ayogini @teamrevolutionbeauty 2020 was a long year and we all deserve a little more guidance and community with our wellbeing! at @makeuprevolution we’re bringing you a month of well-being content for this years from breathing exercises to downward dog... there’s something for everyone. come back to this video whenever you need a quick guide to a relaxing yoga session indulge yourself in a moment of luxury with our ultimate lift regenerating youth collection. it begins with the himalayan gentian, its potency magnified by the power of re-nutriv science and ends with luminous, gorgeous skin. what instrument did or do you play? @aafrrin is giving us violin lessons w the palete onemoreday till launches on morphe.com! which one or all are you most excited for? bubbly fresh gel-to-foam cleanser $16 this soothing formula features aloe vera and spirulina for a refreshing cleanse restart detox face mask $14 this holographic mask detoxes skin with activated charcoal and french pink clay total softie gel moisturizer $16 infused with hyaluronic acid and cucumber water for hydrated, nourished skin lippie lullaby lip mask $9 nourish lips overnight with moisturizing murumuru butter and squalane li'l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist $12 formulated with cucumber water and aloe vera to tone, set makeup, and refresh skin now available @ultabeauty @sephoracanada, select morphe stores. get your lips a natural boost with our artdeco hydra lip booster n°36 translucent rosewood. its more than a normal lipgloss! the hydra lip booster evens out wrinkles and lines, supports the regeneration and improves the skins elasticity.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @mechlersart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new launch alert! sound on! with over 6000 vibrations per minute, @revolutionskincare have lanched a new vibrating rose quartz face roller it is the perfect tool for maximising the results of your skincare routine whilst relieving any facial tension rouge dior has now a new wardrobe of couture finishes. legendary vibrant satin and highly pigmented matte finishes, are now accompanied by two new finishes: an extra-matte ‘velvet’ with long-lasting comfort and a bright, bold ‘metallic’. each lipstick features a texture specific to one of the 4 fabric-inspired finishes inherited from dior’s history. link in bio. rouge dior 999 velvet rouge dior 999 matte rouge dior 999 satin rouge dior 999 metallic @angelmoret is absolutely getting it in garnet for january @itsmariammusa is a beauty in brulee! she wears our born this way matte foundation shade brulee for an all-day, shine-free look! @chiaraviva slays this hot pink glam using our control freak eyebrow gel jumbo eye pencil ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' cheek out this deal! our blush, bronze and highlight palette is available for $36 40 off through 116 at @ultabeauty! get hair you can count on by using our full resist products, your hair can overcome the most! stay cool new mint melt cooling primer is now available on elfcosmetics.com. get glow and dewy skin that lasts all day long with this hyaluronic acid and antioxidant infused cooling primer for $8 tap to shop! available exclusively @walmart starting 117 snatch 'em up! our micro brow pencil control freak eyebrow gel is our holy grail duo for defined groomed brows what does your brow routine look like? we consider going blonde a highly audacious hair move but there are blondes, and then there are extreme blondes. some want beachy highlights, maybe something a few shades brighter than what they were born with. others dare to be a bit more...extreme. there are bleach addicts who constantly crave the palest hue, blondes with a naturally darker base, or those who have naturally textured, dry or frizzy hair that makes going blonde an epic hair care challenge. we consider these blondes the most daring, the most demanding, the ones who need the most care. and the more you dare, the more we care. cicaextreme is ultra caring and ultra repairing daring you to go blonder. would you dare? @emrata @warukatta @igeeeeezy @alexandraanele said hi skin what's your go-to technique for glowy skin? loving this full brow moment by @yamelahernandezz she uses our micro brow pencil in 'chocolate' modern dreamer shadow palette can't stop won't stop foundation in 'cinnamon' powder puff lippie lip cream in 'cool intentions' to get the look giveaway closed enter to win a garnet for january 7 color shadow palette by tagging yourself or any friends whose birthdays are this month! 3 winners will be chosen and tagged in this post on 16 10:00am pst. good luck! congrats to @ilovemychatman @wizinary @mexiris22 what's a duo you can't live without? @frankbod's hair duo scrubs, hydrates, and gets down to frizz-ness shop on morphe.com select morphe stores! @biijall rocks our soft matte lip cream in 'cannes' for this super soft, everyday lippie comment below with the three words you get! bonus: use these clues to guess what our new product is! how i look when bae fill in the blank. we'll pin the best answers @bybrookelle looking for a i’ll be sweating flawlessly on my 2021 goals thank you for the inspo @shakira! eyebrows are an art, which is why our ultimate retractable brow brush has both a triangular pencil tip for precise lines and a built-in spoolie for brushing and blending get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com drop your fave lip combos below! @mari.bajari wears our soft matte lip cream in 'abu dhabi' to slay this everyday lip the options are endless what is your favorite e.l.f. blush? tell us in the comments products featured: powder blush palette in light primer-infused blush in always peachy bite size face duo in spiced apple monochromatic multi stick in dazzling peony tap to shop if you could only wear one soft matte lip cream for the rest of your life, which shade would it be? even more dreamy destinations are popping up on the map tomorrow can you guess where we’re going next? get your virtual passports ready... surprise! the porefessional family is growing can you guess what we’re dropping tomorrow?! home spa is all you need during these cold days! create your perfect me time and relax! when did you do your last selfcare treatment? our me-time favorites:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ anti pollution spray⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lash brow power serum⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ lip scrub⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ multi-active lip balm⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint foundation⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wonder skin primer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint concealer little hint: for every order in our online shop with a minimum order value of 35 you will get an anti pollution spray for free with the code prepnrpime valid from january 1st, 2021 till february 28th, 2021.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2021 is the year we fight back! don't settle for damaged hair. use our strengthening full resist power mask to fight back and rebuild your hair from root to tip! did you try it already? tip tuesday what have you learnt? what do you wish you knew, which you know now? as many face more lockdown restrictions, we want you to share your top tips for looking after your mental wellbeing. put your tips in the comments below as you never know, it may just help someone radiant, strong and mesmerizing, @natalieportman wears the new rouge dior lipstick in its new velvet finish and refillable case. link in bio. rouge dior 999 velvet dior created custom vegan accessories specifically for this rouge dior campaign it's no makeup, makeup vibes for the first week of the new year! at work or at home we have got you covered!⁣ meet our superdewy collection, the perfect blend of skincare and makeup, with a full regime to help you achieve dewy skin that looks smooth, bright glossy not oily or greasy! superdewy skin toner⁣⁣ superdewy glucosamine hydrating serum⁣⁣ superdewy skin essence spray⁣⁣ superdewy makeup serum⁣⁣ superdewy blur balm⁣⁣ superdewy perfecting putty primer⁣⁣ superdewy multi purpose balm⁣⁣ superdewy tinted moisturiser introducing a frictionless wash! you already know the neutralizing power of the bain ultra violet shampoo. now meet bain the first ultra-moisturizing shampoo-in-cream developed to gently clean, hydrate and strengthen blonde hair! an innovative texture that brings you an entirely new sensorial experience. inspired by skincare products, le bain cicaextreme looks and feels like a rich day cream for the skin. when it goes in the hair, it produces the most luxurious lather with no stripping or drying. it rinses clean and soft, a uniquely nourishing cleansing experience that will leave your hair 87 stronger and softer. cicaextreme is designed to complement the existing blond absolu range offering a mix and match system to better suit each type of blonde hair needs. add extra care and extra nourishment to your hair care routine with the new blond absolu cicaextreme! raise your hand if you're resolving to moisturize wear spf daily! our sorbet has a waterlight texture that feels ultra-light and drenches skin on contact. plus its oil-free formula absorbs quickly with a barely-there feel. tap to shop this now! gang’s all here. new original liquid mineral foundation comes in 30 shades so you can find your match. wearing rouge is a bold statement. “you can never be too much of a woman, so enjoy it” said natalie portman. link in bio. your lips are not ready for this mint-chocolatey goodness new mint melt lip plumping gloss in chocolate chip is now available on our site for only $4 tap to shop the limited-edition mint melt collection bright and bold!! play with 8 multi-finish shades of bold color with our light my fire mini eye shadow palette! it smells like cinnamon candies, too!! new product alert! introducing the porefessional: super setter —a microfine makeup setting spray that visibly blurs pores while it locks on makeup for 16 hours! alcohol-free soft-focus mattifying effect fast-absorbing, weightless mist waterproof, smudge-proof fade-proof available in full-size $32 mini $15 at @ultabeauty, @sephora, @macys, @nordstrom, @birchbox, @revolvebeauty, @beautylish, @urbanoutfitters, @asos, @hsn, @qvc, @bloomingdales, boutiques and benefitcosmetics.com! sophie is 'so here for the no makeup, makeup look', and we are too! @sophpiper sophie created this natural look using the new superdewy range 'such a simple way to enhance the natural beauty of your skin and all the products are vegan and cruelty-free' products used⁣ step 1 @revolutionskincare dewy skin toner⁣ step 2 @revolutionskincare glucosamine hydrating serum⁣ step 3 @revolutionskincare skincare dewy skin essence spray⁣ step 4 @makeuprevolution superdewy make up serum⁣ step 5 @makeuprevolution superdewy tinted moisturiser in shade rich tan⁣ step 6 @makeuprevolution superdewy multi purpose balm an eye look that will make them stare. @fashionicide gives us an amped up eye using the becca x barbie ferreira prismatica face palette and light essentials kit. we're getting chic summer vibes from @vivalabiba's look she's wearing dewy foundation in amber beige and got her stunning brows with ultimate brow retractable in medium brown. get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com be ready and charged for the new year to come the full resist power mask from elvive is charged with supplements to provide your hair with the best workout! biotin, vitamin b5, and arginine works in affinity with the hair fibers and ensures strong, beautiful hair in all of 2021! be ready and charged for the new year to come the full resist power mask from elvive is charged with supplements to provide your hair with the best workout! biotin, vitamin b5, and arginine works in affinity with the hair fibers and ensures strong, beautiful hair in all of 2021! bring your fave locations to life with new travel series hot spots: lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette $17 apres in aspen 6 color highlighter palette $17 plus you asked, we answered! time to take flight: travel series 7 piece face eye brush set with bag $20 mighty minis the perfect size to try, our are an easy way to try something new, or to bring when on-the-go! tap to shop our minis now! the collection is now available on morphe.com stores! bubbly fresh gel-to-foam cleanser $16 this soothing formula features aloe vera and spirulina for a refreshing cleanse restart detox face mask $14 this holographic mask detoxes skin with activated charcoal and french pink clay total softie gel moisturizer $16 infused with hyaluronic acid and cucumber water for hydrated, nourished skin lippie lullaby lip mask $9 nourish lips overnight with moisturizing murumuru butter and squalane li'l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist $12 formulated with cucumber water and aloe vera to tone, set makeup, and refresh skin loving this full coverage moment by @janetamrani she wears our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'true beige' matte setting spray to slay a transfer-proof and matte complexion if you wear a red lipstick with confidence, anybody can wear it. said @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. as @natalieportman, dare to wear the new rouge dior velvet lipstick with confidence! link in bio. rouge dior 999 velvet dior created custom vegan accessories specifically for this rouge dior campaign. the plumping obsession is real! have you tried our lip injection maximum plump, lip injection lip gloss, or plump and prime yet?! let us know in the comments your fave! now has skincare which are you adding to your cart? bubbly fresh gel-to-foam cleanser restart detox face mask total softie gel moisturizer lippie lullaby lip mask li'l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist @victorialyn the collection is now available on morphe.com stores! our hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis nourishes your lips perfectly! no more dried lips! swipe left for a naturally matching eye makeup. products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis image credits: @natascha.lindemann adam the founder of revolution and liberty tell you all about the revolution academy, don’t forget the application closing date 11th january 2021 good luck! let's get to the bottom of this sponge or brush? a uniquely nourishing experience. you already know how bleaching removes layers of pigments and can leave your hair more porous, brittle, dry and inelastic. ultra-demanding bleached hair requires ultra-caring formulas. the kérastase innovation team designed a transformative shampoo-in-cream with 40x more lipids for a frictionless wash: le bain shampoo. it is the 1st ultra-moisturizing post-bleaching shampoo-in-cream for ultra-demanding blondes! enriched with the new hyaluronic acid duo that contains high and low weight molecules for deep, double-acting penetration and hydration. le bain cicaextreme also contains edelweiss concentrate oil to protect vulnerable bleached hair from daily damage, keeping it soft and nourished. this shampoo-in-cream arrives in a beautiful jar for an entirely new sensorial experience. a true breakthrough in professional blonde cleansing that deeply moisturizes post-bleach hair. you dare, we care to the extreme! that texture our top pick is the superdewy perfecting primer, a hydrating priming balm injected with hyaluronic acid for a poreless, smooth skin canvas cruelty-free and vegan freshskinisin tag a expert to let 'em know is here the collection is now available on morphe.com stores! @inngenue has us starstruck in the new lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette plus new apres in aspen 6 color highlighter palette @mianjelica puts our can’t stop won’t stop foundation to the test transfer-proof water-proof formula time passes, allure remains. new rouge allure laque. the first shiny satin liquid lipstick with infallible hold. available in 20 intense shades. @vittoria is wearing shade 80 timeless. we're taking care of our skin in 2021. our newholy hydration! eye cream is a hydrating treatment that promotes collagen for a smooth, plumped-up eye area. tap to shop for $10 drop the first 3 emojis in recents to describe this look @biancalovesmakeup91 which style is your fave? or @lenkalul uses our epic ink liner to create these super cute, animal-inspired liner looks inspo: @thespicypicasso @hayleybui just dropped say bye-bye to drops, spots, and sticky sprays our new super setter is all mist and no mess! it helps makeup stay put for 16 hours and instantly minimizes the appearance of pores! available in full-size $32 mini $15 at @ultabeauty, @sephora, @macys, @nordstrom, @birchbox, @revolvebeauty, @beautylish, @urbanoutfitters, @asos, @hsn, @qvc, @bloomingdales, boutiques and benefitcosmetics.com! our lineup promises next-level pigment payoff in a longwear, metallic finish. choose from 12 high-impact shades, now 30 off on marcjacobsbeauty.com. whose skin gets more dry during the winter? @banilacousa can help restore your skin and give it the soothing it deserves original clean it zero formula is packed w acelora, which is a cherry-bearing shrub that is rich in vitamin c it helps to brighten, promote skin elasticity, and repair the skin’s barrier @notanotherskinpage the changing of the seasons has tiarra’s lips looking and feeling a little “crusty-crust,” so she reaches for our hydra-light lip care collection, powered by hyaluronic acid. @tiarramonet gently exfoliates her dry lips with our hydra-light smoothing lip scrub. she then applies hydra-light plumping lip mask to nourish and smooth dry lips with a light-reflecting layer of moisture. finally, tiarra applies hydra-light plumping lip balm, formulated with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture. hydra-light collection is available at @ultabeauty during their love your skin event. rosy glossy @alinashaykmakeup wears our epic ink liner bare with me cannabis lip conditioner to complete this sultry slay our new travel series 7 piece face eye brush set with bag just hit the runway who's ready to pack these bbs up?! the future is gunmetal graphic. @federicamakeupart created this look using in steel the show. this look is on another level! @madelynnskye wears our better than sex eyeliner, better than sex falsie lashes style drama queen, and lip injection lip gloss shade just friends. sleek and slinky ink liner looks are yours with its souped-up liquid-gel formula resists smudging and insists on a dramatic look that lasts. in 12 shiny, waterproof shades, now 30 off on marcjacobsbeauty.com. bringing the smoke @jasadetunji uses our matte putty primer for this gorgeous smokey look tap to shop stun all the way from bougie beverly hills to the happening hollywood walk of fame with show-stopping pastels and creamy neutrals inspired by the sprawling city of angels blessing your timeline with this swatch of our epic ink liner you're welcome set refresh meet the newest member of our porefessional family: super setter! the superfine mist feels weightless and leaves skin feeling refreshed hydrated! available in full-size $32 mini $15 at @ultabeauty, @sephora, @macys, @nordstrom, @birchbox, @revolvebeauty, @beautylish, @urbanoutfitters, @asos, @hsn, @qvc, @bloomingdales, boutiques and benefitcosmetics.com! @carmimua talks mental health and what it means to him champion change with us and join the conversation by tagging @makeuprevolution this is the perfect look to spread some natural makeup vibes. would you implement this delicate makeup look to your daily routine? swipe left to have a closer look at the stunning eyes and lips. products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis image credits: @natascha.lindemann leave it in and let it work our full resist brush proof cream leave-in treatment gives your hair everything it needs! just apply it to washed hair, comb, and do not rinse! enjoy improved hair structure quality and nourished hydrated hair! so beautiful!!which eye glam by these babes is your fav? repost @kseniasevrikeeva @petrav.mua @looksbydyuvti @rusulofficial @y.elagoz @lottixbeauty have you levelled up your lash game with the new 5d lash mascara yet a premium jet black formulation which is italian-made and has taken over two-years to develop, ensuring that it rivals mascaras that cost 3-times the price available at revolutionbeauty.com, @superdrug @beautybaycom coming to more partners soon pushing the boundaries of matteness, the new rouge dior velvet combines passion for couture, colour and fabrics with cosmetic innovation. it delivers an extreme matte finish that doesn’t compromise on lip care with 16 hours of comfort, without drying out the lips or feathering. link in bio. rouge dior 999 velvet filter, who? we don't know her we're in love with @princess.kaae's smokey eye and flawless complexion! product deets: water jelly primer faux filter skin finish stick foundation in nutmeg overachiever concealer in butterscotch khaki haze obsessions the new 5d lash mascara! the claims say it all keep up the excellence sign your 2021 look with our excellence crème shade '4 brown'. but what's a great color without great care? this triple care color kit cares for your hair at each step of the coloring process! in 2019, unveiled a new vision of blonde. blond absolu, masque ultra-violet was the first to combine the hydration power of a masque with neutralizing agents. but at kérastase we dared to go to the extreme. masque cicaextreme completes this new vision of blond absolu by bringing an ultra-caring formula with benefits that goes beyond a regular mask: hair is 94 stronger and more resistant hair is 34 more resilient after 5 applications of bain masque cicaextreme seals open scales from bleaching for a uniform, conditioned healthy fiber enhances fiber resilience to prevent future breakage and split ends reduces surface bleaching damage by 14 in a single use you dare, we care to the extreme @lenaglams says 'no more fake lashes needed' we totally agree!⁣ no words needed, just check out these lashes! the perfect foundation to any look? our new original liquid mineral foundation. @katiejanehughes proves this clean, vegan formula has a naturally luminous finish that complements any look. the easy part? finding your perfect shade with imatch virtual shade expert. the tricky part? deciding between iconic and skin-caring discover your future by visiting the link in our bio p.s. we won't tell if you choose both! have a foundation question? let us know in the comments below, we're here to help! or, you can head online and chat live with an for advice on the right formula for you! no matter what your routine looks like, zero no pigment virtual foundation is a skincare and makeup hybrid for everyone. zero no pigment virtual foundation gives you a smoothed out, blurred out, virtually invisible finish with the hydration of skincare. perfect for days when you want to take a break from a full faced makeup look and show the world nothing but you. how to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get velvet red lips with the new rouge dior. link in bio. dior contour 999 rouge dior velvet 999 makeup sponges are always better in twos get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com new mint melt lip plumping glosses are now live on elfcosmetics.com the high-shine, hydrating lip gloss delivers a plumping power effect in one swipe. available in 4 shades: a hint of mint mint chocolate mint sprinkle chocolate chip tap to shop the plumping, mint-chocolatey gloss for $4 which new palette are you grabbing first!? our four new mini palettes are filled with 8 high-impact, multi-finish shades with a silky-smooth formula for easy blending! i instantly loved the formula of the 5d lash mascara, it isn’t too wet that it transfers nor does it set too quickly so it can be layered without any difficulty. @simplysarahjayneloves have you tried the new 5d lash mascara? asmr cleaning makeup brushes @huda @hudabeauty definition of babe @paox33 goes for 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel to slick back her create best coast vibes with vibrant high-impact mattes and striking pastel shimmers from our just dropped lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette be the always excellent you just with fewer greys! our triple care color excellence crème ensures 100 grey coverage. l'oréal paris, at your service! @playa is now available in morphe stores! get the hair glow up you need in 2021 w their bestselling hair heroes ritual hair oil california salt shampoo everyday shampoo pure dry shampoo endless summer spray all of their products contain lightweight natural oils that penetrate and nourish strands with necessary vitamins and minerals. 12 hours of satiny shine. new rouge allure laque. the first shiny satin liquid lipstick with infallible hold. a black lacquered transparent tube that reveals 20 vibrant shades. shop the shades: rouge allure laque 62 still rouge allure laque 63 ultimate rouge allure laque 64 exigence rouge allure laque 65 imperturbable rouge allure laque 70 immobile rouge allure laque 72 iconique rouge allure laque 73 invincible rouge allure laque 74 expérimenté rouge allure laque 79 éternité rouge allure laque 80 timeless clinical evaluation on 21 women. tiktok made us buy it our new shine loud high shine lip color collection is available to pre-order at nyxcosmetics.com! comment below what shades you're scooping up? comment your wednesday mood in only emojis @jasmineaecooper did that artistry w mini palette face eye gloss in peach out when a gorgeous smoky eye gets a glitter upgrade @smithadepak is using our color icon multistick and megalast breakup-proof retractable eyeliner! get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a new year means time for new beauty resolutions! join @esteeproemmatillman as she shares her secrets and resolutions for 2021. tap to view the full igtv and commit to beautiful skin with our take a closer look at the new rouge dior velvet lipstick an extra matte finish in the iconic shade 999 to dress your lips with an extreme long-wearing comfort and brightness! link in bio. rouge dior 999 velvet did we mention our new comes in a bundle? grab the daily essentials” bundle, your two most important steps in skincare: cleanser moisturizer for only $24 $32 value. promo will be applied at checkout on morphe.com! bubbly fresh gel-to-foam cleanser this soothing formula features aloe vera and spirulina for a refreshing cleanse total softie gel moisturizer infused with hyaluronic acid and cucumber water for hydrated, nourished skin create ultra-smooth, razor-sharp lines every time with our killer liner waterproof gel eyeliner that last for 36 hours! tap to shop @sephora! the brow lineup comment below with your top pick! let’s talk makeup and astrology w @alizakelly!!! @sydneypurl has tested out the new 5d lash mascara the results say it all! can you check these boxes?while coloring my hair, i: protect my hair care for my scalp cover all my greys well, you must be using excellence crème! care to the extreme our most demanding blondes asked for an even more powerful hair mask, and we answered with blond absolu with a new concentrated hyaluronic acid duo, combined with edelweiss oil, masque cicaextreme seals open scales from bleaching for a uniform, conditioned healthy fiber and makes hair 94 stronger and more resistant. it has no pigments and comes with a rich white cream texture. think pink with a bold, new twist to the classic cat eye. @federicamakeupart wears in back to the fuschia, o!mega shadow in dynam-o!, and @halfagemini is lookin' pretty-in-pastel with the vegan and extra clean shades from our hometown-inspired lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette new year’s goal: get brows like @jazminekiah she pairs precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil with 24-hour brow setter to define her brows! la, baby we've got stars in our eyes for these ultra-pigmented, selfie-centric swatches not 1, 2 but x respect! with excellence crème, color with three times the respect in the comfort of your home: respect as you color with the protective coloring creme respect your scalp with the gentle ph shampoo respect your hair with the lightweight nourishing mask by @myselflovesupply⁣ a reminder to be patient and kind with yourself today at @makeuprevolution we're bringing you a month of wellbeing content for this year's practising self-care daily can go such a long way your lips deserve a special treat this winter! like the stunning @ruthnotmay and @bellahadid, hydrate your lips with the new dior addict lip glow shades for a natural shine effect. dior addict lip glow 001 pink dior lip glow oil 022 ultra pink new year, new brows great brows don't happen by chance, make 2021 all about brows! we have launched so many brow products in 2020 to help you including the latest new laminate brow! tap link in bio, and shop brows now! all eyes on the eyes! get your favorite eyeshadow shades for your everyday makeup look!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products shown from top to bottom: eyeshadow n°197 pearly celebration⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°12 chocolate cake⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°206 brasilian coffee⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: photographer @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @patriciakuligmakeupartist⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ so excited to share this with you! thirst trap is the best hyaluronic acid i've ever used!! packed full of our triple ha3, peptides niacinamide at 2. when i first used the thirst trap sheet mask, i remember how amazing the juice of it was and i immediately told my team they had to make it into a serum. this serum has such potent ingredients that will make your skin smooth, firm luminous. the ingredients from the cocoon mask have been boosted with three types of hyaluronic acid firming peptides to hydrate strengthen your skin. this serum is your one stop shop to smoother, firmer skin i can’t wait for you to try it my loves @bykatieeve doesn't need a brow tech with the revolution laminate brow because she can achieve those feathery brows from the comfort of her home leave a if you want to try this product! just dew it! have you tried our dewy foundation? get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com rediscover dior addict lip icons in the new ultra pink collection for an ultra feminine look. new shades exclusive to select markets. dior addict lip maximizer new 022 ultra pink dior addict lip glow oil new 022 ultra pink dior addict lip glow 008 new ultra pink @sephora this silky, smooth, and indulgent creme is the secret to infinite beauty add luxury to your with ultimate lift regenerating youth creme. skin will look firmer and lifted, so you can have a stunning glow! tap to shop! immediate impression. indelible allure. new rouge allure laque. the ultrawear satiny shine liquid lip colour. its ultra-hydrating formula provides a sensation of comfort for 8 hours. @vittoria is wearing shade 80 timeless. self-assessment by 21 women. saving concealer hack try this to get the most out of your tube @thebeautyradar our other brow hero is out soap styler! no more searching your bathroom cupboards to create the famous brow soap trick, this dedicated brow-safe soap is your new go-to for brows that won’t budge @ropatmakeup hydrated ever after new hydrated ever after skincare mini set includes minis of our holy hydration! regimen featuring hyaluronic acid for your softest skin yet set includes: holy hydration! daily cleanser holy hydration! makeup melting cleansing balm holy hydration! eye cream holy hydration! face cream hydrating booster drops tap to shop for $20! brrr hit the slopes or just the afterparty with a high-elevation snow bunny glow brought by our new apres in aspen 6 color highligher palette you know we got it! respect if you're about to color your hair, please do it with respect and care. opt for excellence crème, the triple care color, for enjoyable color treatment full of care, love, and respect! we are living for all of these new must-haves! upgrade your glam with our 36 hour waterproof killer liners, peach bloom lip balms, and mini palettes. drop your fave below! transform in an instant with under eye brightening corrector. swipe to see the before. the full coverage corrector brightens and corrects, neutralizing dark circles with colour correcting pigments that reflect light to awaken the eye area. like the incredible @imarikaranja and @heconghc, give your lips extra hydration and shine with the best-selling dior addict lip glow and lip glow oil. now you're ready to face the winter weather! dior addict lip glow 017 ultra coral dior addict lip glow oil 004 coral not too sure about the difference between “soap brows” and “laminate brows”? you asked and shahira from team revolution will show you the process and end result of each all eyes on we’ve got two power-packed formulas for eyes to help you see the results you’re looking for: eye supercharged complex brightens dark circles in just three weeks and fights the look of puffiness, lines, and dryness. eye concentrate matrix fortifies, cushions, and gives eyes a fresh, “wide-open” look. easy, enjoyable excellence! our excellence crème at-home hair color kit is easy to use and cares for your hair as its colors. what shade do you wear? we’re loving this gorgeous pink glam look from @safai305 she uses our born this way eye shadow palette full of 16 highly-pigmented, modern nudes for this look! @danessamyricks working her mixology magic on @princessjasmen featuring color fix metallics in “magnetic” shop on morphe.com stores! curly hair naturally tends to be more dry and sensitized and when bleached the fiber might be more fragile and prone to breakage. keeping bleached curly blonde healthy used to be a challenge, but not anymore. the ultra carrying formulas of adapts perfectly for this type of hair. mixed matched with the classic range, @laraneverlaura found her at-home blonde maintenance ritual to keep the right tone in between salon visits and have her curls deeply hydrated. 1. start by bathing your hair with le bain cicaextreme shampoo-in-cream to gently cleanse your scalp and reveal softer, shinier hair. add some water to develop foam and rinse. 2. apply the masque ultra-violet to give your hair an anti-yellowing shot. leave in for 5 minutes and rinse thoroughly. 3. before blow-dry, apply cicaplasme to tame down the frizz and protect your hair against heat up to 230 degrees. 4. finish with huile cicaextreme to instantly seal cuticles and strengthen your blonde. this daily routine will leave your hair fiber 94 stronger, 85 more hydrated with an immediate anti-brass action. for your night time care gesture, apply 2-3 pumps of the sérum cicanuit before going to bed for an intense overnight fiber recovery and to erase up to 55 of bleach damage! dare to be the blonde you want to be with the new blond absolu cicaextreme! find out more here at www.kerastase.com let’s normalize getting glammed up for no reason @cakedbybabyk got her brows ready for a gorgeous night in with your eyeshadow collection will never be the same new liquid metallic eyeshadows give one-swipe, super metallic color with a long-wearing and quick-drying formula shades from left to right: moon little dipper galaxy comet meteor aurora supernova big dipper tap to shop the 8 shades for $5 and exclusively at @targetstyle @kilennyk is frosty af with these cool-toned highlighters that leave behind a resort-worthy icy shine which morphe x @nikitadragun shade do you want to swatch? @cabazitamorada time to check radiant and nourished eyes off of your resolution list. say hello to eye supercharged complex this lightweight gelcreme formula helps fight the look of puffiness, lines, and dryness hydrating your skin for 24 hours and protecting with 8-hour antioxidant power! tap to shop. if you could have an endless supply of any product, what would it be? @aniyah.s which 9-pan palette is your fave from morphe? use code “doubleup” to get any two 9-pan palettes for $20 $24 value on morphe.com! @flatlay2slay she’s glossy pro artist @xoivettea swipes on our new shine loud high shine lip color in ‘lead everything’ shop the collection now at @ultabeauty take me thereee are you feelin' more sandy or snowy vibes?! swipe to see @dupethat minimal effort, maximum results our lip injection maximum plump can be used alone as a gloss or used under or over your lipstick! available @theofficialselfridges. drop your favorite fruit below @raincornelius said ch-ch-ch-cherry w @suvabeauty's in cherry bomb space panda inspired by @artistry.bri get ready to see skin in a new light. @valeloren with that perfectly blushed look wearing our putty blush in fiji tap to shop the cream-to-powder, semi-matte finish blushes for $6 we can't live with out glitter what can't you live wo? @emilyleungpew.mua spoiler alert: badgal bang! volumizing mascara lives up to the hype she has it all: volume lift length separation @gabrielle.shoots smudge-resistant, persistent pigment. a dozen play-all-day shades that won’t flake out. save 30 on exclusively on marcjacobsbeauty.com. smudge-resistant, persistent pigment. a dozen play-all-day shades that won’t flake out. save 30 on exclusively on marcjacobsbeauty.com. newsflash from now on at fridays will be dedicated to you. yes, that's right! we'll be featuring the best content on our story. only 5 will make it, will it be you? to participate, tag us @lorealparis or use the hashtag credit: @doralysbritto @queennyakimofficial @iskra @jessimalay @xenia @ellenvlora @allieglines @curlbellaa @angeliquemiles the purrrrfect feeling describe your self-care plans for the weekend using emojis below!⁣ ours are @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, tells you everything about dior addict lip glow and lip maximizer. which one will you fall for? new launch from @revolutionpro! inspired and in collaboration with self-made tiktok star julie tiktok imjuliekay, instagram @soprimpjules we have the new revolution pro blur stick julie tells you everything about the blur stick’s hot sister blur stick! available now £11.99$15€11.99, tap link in bio to shop now from nude to more pinker tones, you're sure to find the perfect dior addict lip maximizer for you! dior addict lip maximizer 022 ultra pink dior addict lip maximizer 013 beige dior addict lip maximizer 016 shimmer nude meet the new huile cicaextreme, the most intense strengthening oil concentrate for extreme blondes! formulated to restore and strengthen sensitized fiber by closing open scales from bleaching procedures, the huile is a blonde necessity. it restores the protective outer layer of the hair and intensely hydrated fiber for a 91 stronger, softer and more resistant blonde. enriched with edelweiss oil, the huile cicaextreme will help the brush glide through weakened blonde hair and protect it against heat and oxidation. you dare, we care to the extreme smooth as silk, and glowing like a goddess @ojitosliin2 got this perfection with our translucent setting powder, megaglo contouring palette in dulce de leche, and or course megaglo blushlighter in highlight bling get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com the wait is over -e.l.f. is now available in india online and in select stores @mynykaa! tag a friend to share the exciting news! new year, same flawless skin brought to you by our born this way collection. comment your holy grail below! new: rouge allure laque. 20 shades with a shiny satin finish, offering an impeccable makeup result that lasts for 12 hours. shop the shades: rouge allure laque 68 unlimited rouge allure laque 60 inflexible rouge allure laque 73 invincible rouge allure laque 62 still rouge allure laque 63 ultimate rouge allure laque 74 expérimenté rouge allure laque 67 steady rouge allure laque 66 permanent rouge allure laque 64 exigence rouge allure laque 70 immobile clinical evaluation on 21 women and instrumental evaluation on 21 women. new launch inspired and in collaboration with self made tiktok star julie imjuliekay on tiktok @soprimpjules, we have launched today the new @revolutionpro blur stick＋ it has an extra boost of skin loving vitamins for those days your skin needs that extra juicy care and it still has the high performance, pore blurring and skin priming effect packed with vitamin b5, vitamin c and vitamin e and it smells of watermelon available now £11.99$15€11.99, tap link in bio to shop now now, it's your turn! has it always been your dream to be featured on our page? let your creativity run wild and wow us with your selfies, tutorials and reviews. don't forget to tag us @lorealparis or add the hashtag to make your dream a reality! only high-quality content will be taken into consideration. credit: @doralysbritto @irisbeilin @witneycarson once you've tried it, you're addicted! says peter philips, creative image director of dior makeup, about dior addict lip glow oil. @charmiejanee said holographic who else is using this mask today? benefits of restart detox face mask: absorbs impurities excess oil minimizes the appearance of pores exfoliates w out drying skin vegan noncomedogenic good for all skin types formulated without parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate, phthalates, mineral oil, and formaldehydes the wanderlust is real get ready to jet set with vegan multi-use must-haves plus a travel-sized carrying pouch all for just $20 take it from @jlcallum: skin never looked so smooth, hydrated and comfortable perfect for when you want to take a break from a full face of makeup but want your skin to look and feel it’s best!! today only, zero no pigment virtual foundation is 50 off exclusively at @ultabeauty’s love your skin event. clean af @jenjenmakeup filled defined with brow microfilling pen precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil and finished the look with 24-hour brow setter! 0 to snatched introducing our new lift snatch! brow tint pen this flexible micro-brush tip pen allows you to create thin to thick lines that actually look like hairs irl create a brow from nothing, fill in sparse areas, or build on top of your already snatched brows available online at nyxcosmetics.com score some savings when you get restart detox face mask and lippie lullaby lip mask for only $18 $23 value. promo will be applied at checkout on morphe.com! treat yourself to a little me-time w restart detox face mask this holographic mask detoxes skin with activated charcoal and french pink clay lippie lullaby lip mask nourish lips overnight with moisturizing murumuru butter and squalane late nights, weather changes, and intense moments can leave you with stressed-out looking skin. time to with intense reset concentrate. apply in the evening after your repair serum to visibly soothe irritation, boost clarity, and get intense 24-hour hydration! a little reminder from our friends at @jedfoundation. @lucialitman a moment of calm from @seehura “turn on beauty mode in real life” julie @soprimpjules tiktok iamjuliekay shows you the blur stick effect, see for yourself! you can never have one too mini our new mini palettes are so perfectly portable, you'll have a gorgeous gaze wherever you go! water-resistant, the new rouge allure laque offers 12 hours of intense colour, satiny shine and continuous hydration. @vittoria is wearing shade 80 timeless. clinical evaluation on 21 women and instrumental evaluation on 21 women. at we are committed to bring the best care by searching for the most performant ingredients and innovations. you have already heard about the powerful hyaluronic acid in the classic range. this year, kérastase innovates again and presents the new hyaluronic acid duo. this upgraded version of this essential skincare ingredient is composed with low and high molecular weight of hyaluronic acid to improve the hydration action of this ingredient for a deeper penetration. low weight hyaluronic acid is known to deeply penetrate hair and heal profound wounds. high weight hyaluronic acid have intense hydrating function, plumping fiber to recover elasticity and strength. cicaextreme also brings back the edelweiss flower from the original blond absolu range, but in a format of a concentrated oil. this rich oil softens and nourishes the fiber for shine and health with higher antioxidants to deeply recover the fiber. the more you dare, the more we care. ready to join our family? what are your favorite products? how do you apply them? final results?... show us! we want to see it all. follow the instructions in this video and don't forget to tag us @lorealparis or use the hashtag for a chance to be featured in our story every friday. credit: @doralysbritto @enimsay @carasantana @melachild @fleurdeforce @joyjah @hausofsherry @nikkissecretx @militzayovanka how i look when i am about to fill in the blank. we'll pin the best answers @jamescharles said: doodle, draw, and shape snatched brows @strashme hits the beat shows us her brow style using our new lift snatch brow tint pen grab your pen and join the tiktok challenge for your chance to win a $500 gift card for nyxcosmetics.com! holy hydratedwe're staying hydrated with this limited-edition, reusable tumbler! available exclusively on elfcosmetics.com. what merch do you want to see from us in 2021? let us know in the comments! full face perfection @inngenue makes us want to go places with this fresh travel series look home spa is a great choice during these cold days. today, we focus on our lips. color and care is what your lips deserve! which of our hydra care lipsticks is your personal all time favorite?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°40 nature oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ slay snatched brows with the flick of the wrist @brendanwjordan uses our new lift snatch brow tint pen for this fierce, feathered brow moment join the tiktok challenge for your chance to win a $500 gift card! @gabxxrielle lookin' like a galaxy have you tried our in shade starry sky yet? swipe away bad habits like going to bed with your makeup on! as easy as 1-2-3! @jocelynbiga loves our advanced night micro cleansing balm massage our cleansing balm over dry skin and our lightweight balm melts into a silky cleansing oil as you massage, then transforms into a milky emulsion that rinses away for a clean, conditioned feel! tap to shop. a few of our newest launches have you tried these must-haves yet? putty blush flawless brightening concealer ride or die lip balm use the to shop @makeupsessions nothing beats the enduring allure of the cat eye. to achieve this timeless look, mua @mr.davidlopez used in blacquer on @anaeva.evstafeva. photography by: @vladimirmarti who needs a brush? zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip catches and reflects the light around you for a glass-like look. just swipe, tap, and glow. available at @sephora @sephoracanada, @ultabeauty and beccacosmetics.com @bella.poarch is the definition of using our new lift snatch brow tint pen show us how you slay your best brows and join the challenge today! only on tiktok who's grabbing our new travel series 7 piece face eye brush set with bag?!? these plush synthetic bristles are all you need for flawless vacation and staycation feels pores? no problem! new super setter locks on makeup for 16 hours, instantly blurs pores, and is alcohol-free to leave skin feeling refreshed, not tight or dry! @gabrielle.shoots let loose with our photo focus loose setting powder use it to mattify, set, bake, absorb oil, and overall complete your look! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com giveaway closed! congrats @danyella321, @mamixvll, @brandiroseofficial, @jackiecastaneda, @denniskelleyy! thank you to everyone who participated! who's ready for some bad habit to start the new year! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win @badhabitbeauty's pr kit signed poster from global brand ambassador creative director @emmachamberlain!! what you'll win: omzzz acaí nightly cleansing balm power sleep melatonin glycolic night cream wake things upmatcha mint morning cleanser daily dose multivitamin moisturizer dewd hemp nourishing facial oil chill out adaptogen hydrating mist 10-minute rehab green juice charcoal detox mask total reboot ahabha enzyme peel silent mode hydrating hyaluronic mask palm reader adaptogen nourishing hand cream signed poster from @emmachamberlain how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @badhabitbeauty like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 11221. @lovleesazy spills the tea on her here is how she serves this fresh, everyday look: the marshmellow smoothing primer the brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen the perfect red @soolmuaz shows off our melted matte lipstick shade hot stuff. tag a bff who'd love this shade! we're ice-ice-cold for @aafrrin's icy look drop a if you are too inspired by @raggedyroyal @alyssamarieartistry the power is in the pen @sourandnasty transforms her brows using our new lift snatch brow tint pen join the tiktok challenge today for a chance to win a $500 gift card! inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week our e.l.f. community is so talented, and here are some of our favorite looks from this week! make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week arched angel @paulinaalaiev uses foolproof brow powder 3 medium to get a soft, yet defined shape! postcard-perfect bbs in our fave yet whew, it’s been a week here’s something pretty to look at instead of your twitter feed. take care of yourselves your mental health, benebabes an air of freshness how beautiful is this nude glowy makeup look? stick around to see how you can achieve this look in just a few steps! spotlight saturday this week, as part of our makeup for mental health month, we are handing the mic over to calm to highlight their incredible work and the support they offer to those in need. we will also be making a £5,000 donation to calm to support their amazing services “campaign against living miserably calm is leading a movement against suicide through vital, life-saving support, impactful campaigns and collective action. on average, 125 people take their own lives in the uk every week and that's just not ok. calm exists to challenge and change this. by offering life-saving services, provoking national conversation and bringing people together to empower everyone to reject living miserably we stand together against suicide.”⁣ @calmzone rouge dior in its new matte finish is timeless, creating long-lasting bold lips. fall for the rouge dior shade that has been an icon since its creation: rouge dior 999! rouge dior 999 matte can you spot our new drops? how many can you see? comment below! lash brow power serum the perfect care for your lashes and brows. make them optically look denser, longer and more groomed.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ have you already tried it?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: photographer: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @justinebraun⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the efficacy of our products is kérastase core value. when designing the new cicaextreme, our innovation team included the latest version of hyaluronic acid and edelweiss oil to create ultra-caring formulas for bleached hair. the bain contains 40x more nutritive lipids than a classic shampoo, and is the first post-procedure shampoo-in-cream to provide a fricctionless wash. get 94 stronger hair immediately after the application of bain and masque cicaextreme. watch as we test the strength power of cicaextreme! more couture than ever, the new rouge dior 999 matte will dress up your lips for a bold makeup look! rouge dior 999 matte buff, shape and blend to perfection with the revolution create brush range the perfect collection for liquid and powder products. complete your set with the revolution create cosmetic blending sponges including the revolution create flocked sponge revolution create blending sponge too! loving this look by @vavaglam our new original liquid mineral foundation leaves skin glowing! @ultabeauty this year, add a five-star cleanser to your advanced night micro cleansing balm is a lightweight balm that melts into a silky cleansing oil, leaving your skin feeling hydrated and clean. tap to shop this fan-favorite curious about how this fits into your new routine? checkout our new year, new skin for more info! putty blushes to the rescue velvety, lightweight, cream-to-powder blushes with a semi-matte finish that melts into your skin for a flushed-from-within glow apply with our putty blush brush for easy, airbrushed application tap to shop for $6! turn up the heat on your glam with sexy colors dramatic intrigue these new must-haves will have you lookin’ straight fire! want to know more about our new revolution create brushes? shahira from team revolution beauty is over on our you tube channel and shows you which brushes are her go-to from the new range! search 'makeup revolution' on youtube now! make sure you sign up to get all the updates! hometown hero who's grabbed this new new? @lazybonesbeauty is the queen of fierce, feathery brows she uses our lift snatch brow tint pen in ‘espresso’ the brow glue to get the look sorry not sorry @drjuliesmith a whole lot of yes with @muakarlatrevino's look! she's using concealer in light ivory, translucent setting powder, and contouring palette in light get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com score some savings when you get l-balm lip balm and prep polish lip scrub together for only $13 $16 value. promo will be applied at checkout on morphe.com! treat yourself w l-balm lip balm the perfect wash of color plus super nourishing ingredients like avocado oil and shea butter prep polish lip scrub this lightweight formula exfoliates, conditions, and smooths lips for a perfect lip color application want a natural and refreshing nude look? we've got you covered from skincare to eyes and lips! follow these 4 steps to get the look the way! sheer. dewy. luminous. you ready? it feels and looks good to be home @kilennyk in the lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette but first, primer! prep your skin for the ultimate makeup application with the smoother. this leaves your skin with an even texture so you can start the new year with flawless makeup looks. the iconic 999 shade in its matte finish, infused with floral lip care, makes a strong statement for any occasion. rouge dior 999 matte the to plump, juicy lips! which lip injection lip gloss shade are you reaching for today? comment below! bring your brushes sponges back to life with the revolution create brush cleanser in 2 steps! swirl your wet brush or beauty sponge into cleansing balm to create a lather.⁣ use scrubber for ultimate deep clean. experience the transformative texture of bain cicaextreme! when you scoop out a hazelnut amount of its purple jar, it looks and feels like a rich day cream for the skin. it is luxurious and silky in the hand, evidently powerful and nourishing. then, when it goes on the hair in contact with water, le bain produces the most luxurious lather with no stripping or drying. it rinses clean and soft, a uniquely nourishing cleansing experience. would you try our new bain cicaextreme? get the wow factor! inspired by the art of microblading, brow artist micro tattoo eyebrow definer mimics the application of microblading for natural, hair-like strokes that last up to 24 hours. siri always knows. discover why our pressed highlighter is the selling highlighter in the u.s. shimmering skin perfector pressed blends pigment with liquid for an ultra-buttery feel giving you your most natural, luminous glow. @skaijackson completes this fresh faced using our new spring 2021 faves here’s the breakdown: the marshmellow smoothing primer lift snatch! brow tint pen the brow glue instant brow styler pencils, pens, powders more...which brow product are you pining for!? the perfect brush set to apply minty-fresh eye looks mint melt brush trio includes three essential eyeshadow brushes for expert application including an eye contour brush, blending brush and all-over brush shadow brush tap to shop the trio for only $8, also available @walmart starting 117 loving this quick lil tutorial by @ma.alexandra27 she wears our new lift snatch brow tint pen brow glue shine loud high shine lip color to create this everyday get more of what you love with o!mega gel powder eyeshadow, featuring gel-coated pigments that glide on buttery smooth for intense payoff. tap to shop on marcjacobsbeauty.com. hottest under the sun @makeupbyadrna come thru liner @cameronwhitebeauty create this sharp wing using our og epic ink liner what do you wish upon a star? @dumb.makeup inspired by @stenss @raggedyroyal always daydreaming about this sunny travel series slay @halfagemini say to lippie lullaby lip mask —this overnight lip mask moisturizes and soothes for smooth, supple lips. enriched with ultra-moisturizing squalane, murumuru butter, and shea butter, which work to quickly soften and keep lips from feeling dry or flaky. vegan noncomedogenic good for all skin types a blend of watermelon and hibiscus extract provides a sweet, fruity scent formulated without parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate, phthalates, mineral oil, formaldehydes @chunimakeup slays this lil moment using our og epic ink liner comment your most used star emoji @meyloetta saturday night plans in full effect complete your self-care routine with our hydrating nourishing hangover skincare! we could all use a reminder to check in with ourselves. what does your self-care checklist look like? picture of perfection our girl @teairawalker wears precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown to get these stunning brows! everything about this look is sharp @zeezyxbeauty slays this razor sharp wing using our epic ink liner say bye-bye to blemishes with this mighty brand @herocosmetics and their lineup of $13 skin heroes: mighty patch og you’ll get 36 patches that werk their magic and shrink the look of whiteheads overnight dark spot patch your post-pimple hero to visibly brighten skin microneedle helps get your zit together before it becomes a problem rescue balm gets your skin looking good as new in days, not weeks now available in morphe stores morphe.com us only @therjacobs exudes elegance wearing product breakdown: undercover coconut primer o!mega bronze in tantric recover coconut lip oil in nudeist mascara in j’adore and boy gorgeous photography by: @mannbutte makeup by: @anastasia.makeupdxb styled by: @rashwaaaaan assisted by: @kateismoremakeup @thekevinvincent rg: @therjacobs the color purple makes me feel fill in the blank @clarafajardomua inspired by @milk1422 have you heard?! e.l.f is now available in india on @mynykaa website nykaa.com and in select stores! to celebrate we are giving 4 lucky winners a huge prize pack featuring our best-sellers! to enter: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @mynykaa [2] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends monday, january 11th at 9am pt. no purchase necessary. the four winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. confessional: what’s the last thing that made you blush? tell us in the comments! @gabrielle.shoots beautiful lashes, whatever the occasion our all in one mascara is up to every challenge and leaves lashes looking long and voluminous with a gorgeous curl. swipe left to see the mascara. get the look: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis image credits: @natascha.lindemann which one of these products do you the most? 1 revitalift filler 1.5 pure hyaluronic acid serum 2 true match foundation 3 air volume mega mascara 4 brow artist micro tattoo 5 color riche ultra matte what beauty products makes you feel good? this january we have launched our annual campaign. all month we are using our platform to spotlight mental health charities, resources, feel-good content, self-love and expert tips advice. so, for this month’s 'npd loves' takeover over on the blog, we asked the team to share their top products that they use for self-care, self-love, and the feel-good factor!⁣ head over to 'revsays' on our site to hear more 2021 means new hair! colour without the commitment with the new range of @revolution.haircare blonde brunette tones hair dyes! ideal for adding that pop of colour for 2-15 washes! 16 colours to choose from vegan⁣⁣⁣ cruelty-free her lashes are goals!!! @kikislayyyy tag a friend that would love these repost @kikislayyyy who needs false lashes when you’ve got the @hudabeauty legit lashes mascara gorgeous subtle glam by @vglambeauty tag someone who would love this makeup products used: skincare @wishfulskin yo glow foundation @hudabeautyshop foundation in latte contour in medium lipstick lashes yassssssss i’m loving this!!! @alishbaalim you did it waaaaay better honey products used: @hudabeautyshop foundation in amaretti in nougat palette in light pink sands 3d highlighter liquid matte in trendsetter new year, new skincare routine you can't go wrong with these featuring and our family! tap to shop for a vanity full of benefits! keep your everyday makeup look simple, clean and @arielle loves skinlongevity long life herb serum complexion rescue tinted moisturizer her shade is bamboo 5.5. the best-selling shade of our tone hair dyes last week was brunettes berry pink maria from team revolution beauty has tested it out, are you going to be on trend and try it out this year? sundays are for sunny glows, right? get that glow with megaglo blushlighters in 3 shades, for the hot hot price $6.49 get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com wash the day away with holy hydration! makeup melting cleansing balm this solid balm cleanser melts into a luxurious oil texture that melts away makeup without stripping the skin tap to shop for $10 zap blemishes anytime, anywhere our new non-drying, hydrocolloid-infused pimple patches come in three fun varieties: 100 bye btch! magenta hearts, purple flowers, holographic butterflies sorry not sorry! blue moons, yellow suns, holographic clouds see ya never! teal triangles, deep blue splats, holographic stars each pack of 36 stickers is only $9! ok so the secret's out mascara is it, no @alanaperez5 our first range of @revolution.haircare shampoos and conditioners formulated to defend, volumise, hydrate and protect! we have 4 ranges to choose from!⁣ smooth hydration anti-frizz shampoo and conditioner with keratin and coconut and avocado milk⁣⁣ colour protect anti-fade shampoo and conditioner with goji berry and keratin⁣⁣ hair defence shampoo and conditioner with hyaluronic acid and argan oil⁣⁣ xl volume extra-body shampoo and conditioner with collagen and keratin⁣ tip of the day @helenheaven keeps her eye game on point with our secret weapon, better than sex eyeliner! leave a below if you can relate. go for volume! blow away everyone around you with our air volume mega mascara! what does it offer? unbeatable definition and maximum volume with a feather-light feel. how often do you @bybibeauty's acid gold aha resurfacing face mask is an exfoliating face mask infused with ahas and vitamin a, c, and e that removes dead skin cells and helps brighten and replenish skin shop it now on morphe.com morphe stores uk only. @naezrahlooks has us wishing we could snatch our arches with the snap of a finger she slays bomb brows with the help of our new lift snatch brow tint pen join the challenge on tiktok show us how it's done! tag your bestie to brighten up their sunday @lexusmperezz just dropped get in the valentine spirit with our new be my lover mini palette! it's packed with 8 sexy shades that will have you looking ready for cupid. tap to shop! consider this trio the smoky eye starter kit. prep the lids with undercover eye primer, then sweep on o!mega shadow in dynam-o! using the crease brush for perfectly sultry, smoky eyes. tap to shop on marcjacobsbeauty.com. pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry completes this gorgeous glam using our ultimate utopia shadow palette lift snatch brow pen in blonde brow glue kick that zit but make it cute new acne patches are here: hydrocolloid-infused stickers that absorb impurities and keep your skin clear! @slush.juice coming soon. @beautybakeriemakeup’s the butter hydrasilk primer is a lightweight, hydrating primer that provides your skin with a smooth canvas and extends the wear of your makeup now available on morphe.com morphe stores us only! benefits: natural finish formula infused with goji berry extract minimize the appearance of pores and fine lines lightweight breathable formula over 12 hours of wear suitable for all skin types available now! can't get to a salon? we have you covered! did you know that we have a @revolutionpro hair colour remover that you can use at home? easily remove permanent, semi-permanent and temporary colours including home and salon dyes to restore natural colour or prep your hair for a new look with no down time! get in line to make a mega impact! it's all about taking your lashes to new heights, one stroke at a time with our air volume mega mascara. it provides up to 24 hour hold with smudge and flake-resistant volume thanks to its hypoallergenic formula. care for your blonde day and night, work week to weekend, kérastase identifies different types of bleached blonde with specific hair needs. the new completes the classic range, with three ultra-caring products containing upgraded formulas with hyaluronic acid duo and edelweiss oil. this range extension allows you to mix match the perfect routine for your hair needs and can be integrated into your blond absolu ritual. swipe right to explore all the blond absolu routines! ingredient spotlight: niacinamide this key ingredient is featured in many of our products including holy hydration face cream fragrance free, happy hydration face cream and superhydrate moisturizer why we love it: helps brighten and even skin tone helps maintain moisture content while toning and clarifying skin tone tap to shop through thick and thin, our new lift snatch! brow tint pen has gotchu covered go from a super natural look to super snatched in a few quick flicks available online at nyxcosmetics.com just stick and slay with our new acne patches back by popular demand: the famous mini shopping cart drop a if you love mini things as much as we do! @gabrielle.shoots bring on the glam @musingmua uses our lift snatch brow tint pen in 'espresso' brow glue on the rise liftscara to complete this fierce, metallic look. inspired by @makeupbyalinna to have supple, smooth lips how to achieve it: using nighttime rescue lip oil! it nourishes lips overnight with a precious blend of naturally derived lavender, damask rose, jojoba, and sunflower oils for a soft, supple, and smooth pout. tap to shop! caption this artistry by @by.sulli lined to perfection. @jelena.marija wears a signature wing using in blacquer. rg: @jelena.marija pimple or not we wanna see you flaunt that face in our just dropped vegan acne patches @genaaaai are you all about dewy or matte skin? mattifying continuous setting mist instantly sets liquid or powder makeup to a smooth and matte finish for up to 12 hours luminous setting spray hydrates and seals in moisture for up to 16 hours @sephoracanada becca spokesperson @barbieferreira shows how easy it is to prep, correct, and set the under eye area with 3 steps to brighter eyes. the nourishing ingredients are the perfect way to start your morning out with a moment of self-care before the day ahead. anti-fatigue under eye primer blurs lines and preps for makeup application. under eye brightening corrector is a full-coverage colour corrector that instantly erases dark circles to brighten and awaken the eye area in one easy step. under eye brightening setting powder sets makeup and brightens dark circles. your bar of soap could never skip the salon and slay the laminated look at home with the brow glue did we mention it's only $8 usd and is cop it online at nyxcosmetics.com try it for yourself pretty sure this is what we call a billion dollar look @hairaconda is wearing color icon blush in mellow wine get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com these brows are immaculate it doesn’t get much better than @mattlars in say something cool @vanessagyimah @rvisuals high-impact hues in an array of covetable, shiny shades. longwear comes in a sleek inkwell for the highest level of pigment payoff and a tapered tip for precise lines. these valentine-inspired shades will make hearts flutter get ready to fall for our latest mini eye shadow palette, be my lover! it's perfect for taking your glam from coffee to cocktails. new mint melt cleansing cloud is a super soft, washable and reusable makeup remover pad in a limited-edition mint green color just wet the cleansing cloud with warm or cold water and gently wipe onto your skin until all makeup is removed use the to shop for $4! also available exclusively @walmart starting 117 looking for an effortless brow routine? pro artist @makemeupchris spills the tea on how he slays his everyday brows micro brow pencil ‘ash brown’ can’t stop won’t stop concealer the brow glue above-the-mask essentials it’s all about the lashes brows! @gabrielle.shoots above-the-mask essentials it’s all about the lashes brows! @gabrielle.shoots good morning tired skin! let's start the day with me-time and a little self care. our wonder skin primer immediately revives and refreshes tired skin and improves the durability of your makeup. is this product already part of your daily makeup routine?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ have you tried our ultimate anti-wrinkle serum? the hyaluronic acid serum is charged with 1.5 pure hyaluronic acid. it is our most concentrated serum to intensely hydrate skin, smooth and replump wrinkles. this natural makeup look will never go out of style! it only takes a few minutes to create this fresh look and to start your day.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used: eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°551 matt natural touch⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°372 glam natural skin eyeshadow n°373 glam gold dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°520 matt light grey mocca eyeshadow n°517 matt chocolate brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ highlighter powder compact hot chili lip booster image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ our top 6 vegan products to try this veganuary! whether you’re a full-time plant-based bae or doing your part for the planet this veganuary, we’ve got you covered.⁣ forever flawless allure eyeshadow palette⁣ conceal define foundation⁣ soap styler⁣ conceal define infinite longwear concealer⁣ 5d lash mascara⁣ laminate brow⁣ have you tried our filter feature on revolutionbeauty.com? use it to discover even more vegan beauty. we’re 100 cruelty-free too! what’s not to love the language of flowers according to lucia pica. observing the colours of flowers in bloom, she invented the language of a renewed femininity. @vittoria is wearing the exclusive creation fleurs de printemps, les 4 ombres 368 golden meadow, rouge allure laque 73 invincible and le volume de chanel 120 metal terracotta. with a perfect balance of pigment and lip-care ingredients, rouge dior enhances every woman’s smile with its flawless colour in a single sweep. the right highlighter can take your makeup from great to the greatest that's why we have 7 shades of our megaglo highlighting powder, to make sure you're the greatest every time get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @indahkus tag your friends you deserve a foundation that improves skin, even after you take it off. new original liquid mineral foundation visibly improves skin texture and reduces pore size. @mianjelica said she had the world’s smallest lashes. check out what happened when she put the 5d revolution lash mascara to the test! spring-summer 2021 collection embossed with a swirling petal design, the exclusive creation fleurs de printemps illuminates the complexion with a sensual veil. this powder duo contains a radiant coral blush and a rosy peach highlighter that hug the contours of the face, for skin that glows with a satiny shimmer. @luciapicaofficial so to our new 36-hour killer liner that has an ultra-smooth, waterproof gel formula that totally kills the game. which shade have you been loving?! come through soap brows @makeupbycaliali incorporates in shade 3.75 in her easy soap brow routine! it’s almost time. this serum is no ordinary serum the 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum contains 2 types of hyaluronic acid for high performance: macro boosts with hydration micro penetrates deeper into the epidermis try it for yourself! holy holo snatch these vegan acne patches on our site for only $9 now p.s. you can use them as nail stickers too ready to win big? starting today, sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program it’s free and easy! and you will be entered to win the ultimate e.l.f. jackpot of 30,000 beauty squad points can be redeemed for dollars off your order! there will be one winner every day through 115. new members only. good luck use the to sign up for the beauty squad loyalty program now to enter! no purchase necessary. open to u.s. who are eighteen years or older. void where prohibited. you can never go wrong with a rouge smile says natalie portman. create the perfect wing in an instant. @morganemartini uses in blacquer, our blackest, shiniest black. sophie from @teamrevolutionbeauty shares her go-to products for feeling her best and like she can take on the world with a chatty grwm. share your feel-good looks using products used: face @makeuprevolution illuminate and glow skin perfector- shade gold @revolutionpro ultimate radiant under eye concealer- shade c5 @makeuprevolution x friends face palette @iheartrevolution chocolate marshmellow blush palette @revolutionpro lustre highlighter- pink rose eyes @revolutionpro micro brow pencil- ash brown @revolutionpro 24k palette @makeuprevolution 5d lash mascara @makeuprevolution black pencil eyeliner lips @makeuprevolution lipstick shade destiny dropping thursday 114, our new sweet oasis collection of sunset shades and glam brushes, seen here on the always-stunning @iluvsarahii mua: @lipsticknick collection includes: 35s sweet oasis artistry palette sweet oasis 6-piece eye brush set sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl get ready to discover our sweet oasis collection of sunset shades and glam brushes coming this thursday 114. collection includes: 35s sweet oasis artistry palette sweet oasis 6-piece eye brush set sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl who knew could be this good for your skin? new futurist aqua brilliance watery glow futurist hydra rescue your new favorite makeup together, and care for your skin, without causing breakouts or clogging pores. shop this skin-caring duo now! with a good makeup brush, anyone can be an artist double tap if brushes are your must-have! spring-summer 2021 collection les fleurs de chanel a fresh, luminous makeup look. the renewal of a radiant, bold and sensual femininity. exclusive creation fleurs de printemps les 4 ombres 368 golden meadow rouge allure laque 73 invincible le volume de chanel 120 metal terracotta @luciapicaofficial @vittoria our babe @jaylakoriyan is next level in our 24-hour born this way matte foundation. she wears shade brulee! some content to get you through your monday pre-order our marshmellow smoothing primer at nyxcosmetics.com take a dip in w @iluvsarahii are you ready for mua: @lipsticknick collection includes: 35s sweet oasis artistry palette sweet oasis 6-piece eye brush set sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl no shame in his game @thechrisdaniels is serving face in our new acne patches replump your skin, one drop at a time did you know that hyaluronic acid is the top-derm ingredient to replump skin? each drop of our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum delivers millions of hyaluronic acid molecules, attracting moisture to visibly replump skin from within! le bain cicaextreme includes ultra-caring actives selected specifically for bleached blonde needs! containing hyaluronic acid duo with high and low weight molecules for deep, double-acting penetration and hydration that recover the natural elasticity and strength of the fiber. meanwhile, the edelweiss oil in the bain protects vulnerable bleached hair from daily damage, keeping it soft and hydrated. you dare, we care to the extreme our new marshmellow smoothing primer sponge has us craving something sweet our new primer is infused with smoothing marshmallow root extract that works on all skin types @eileenamirian pre-order yours today at nyxcosmetics.com play with the camera and radiate confidence when wearing rouge dior in its matte finish in the brand new shade: 100 nude look! rouge dior matte 100 nude look our og, holy grail moisturizer holy hydration! face cream helps brighten and even out skin tone, lock in moisture and promote a plumped up, bouncy complexion with skin-loving ingredients like hyaluronic acid, niacinamide, squalane and peptides tap to shop for $12 name a cuter duo, we'll wait @nixbeautylist snaps a pic of our marshmellow smoothing primer blender sponge cop this cute pair online at nyxcosmetics.com new year, new foundation routine: are you or @gabrielle.shoots @deja.zhane spills the tea on our new marshmellow smoothing primer while slaying this super cute who else is loving our new 10-in-1 super primer? level up your with new new face protects by day repairs at night while advanced night repair eye supercharged complex brightens dark circles and hydrates your eye area. have a question about serums and eye care? let us know below!⁣ @jennalwrobbins @makeupbyyessi is giving us a major 00's aesthetic what's your fave decade for makeup? doin' it for the gram which flashy sticker is your fave?! some will say it's magic, we call it marshmellow pre-order our 10-in-1 super primer today at nyxcosmetics.com the kind of glam we love to see @makeupbymicaylah goes for precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4 warm deep brown gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 3.5 warm auburn brown! collect them all complete your collection with our newest mini palette, be my lover! these 8 sexy shades will have you creating looks that scream be mine! raise of hands if you ever forgot to take your makeup off before bed wash away makeup, excess oil, and dirt with our bubbly fresh gel-to-foam cleanser an airy cleanser that lathers into a soothing, non-drying foam as you massage it onto damp skin there’s always a silver lining to any occasion. weather any storm with this icy silver tap to shop this shade on marcjacobsbeauty.com. if you could be stuck in a snowstorm w anyone, who would it be? fictional characters encouraged @vsamanthartistry this look has us feeling euphoric. mua @dendoll used in silver lining on tell us you reduce waste without telling us you reduce waste we have worked to reduce over 650,000 lbs of excess packaging waste on our products to cover only what's necessary what things do you do to reduce waste? tell us in the comments favorite blush? let us know in the comments below! starting the week off right with this fresh faced ft. here is our new marshmellow smoothing primer lift snatch brow tint pen brow glue starting the week off right with this fresh faced ft. here is our new marshmellow smoothing primer lift snatch brow tint pen brow glue the new rouge dior boasts 75 custom couture colors to dress every smile! rouge dior our highest concentration of hyaluronic acid our hyaluronic acid serum formula contains 1.5 macro micro hyaluronic acid for a double anti-aging action and for maximum efficacy! andrea from retailtrust shares her top tips for mental health as we head into 2021 as part of our commitment to beyond, we have partnered with retailtrust. this brilliant company charity offers mental wellbeing support to those working specifically within the retail trade, providing a 24-hour helpline and a platform for support and helpful resources as we also commit to improving our internal mental wellbeing support systems, we are proud to also be a wellbeing client of retailtrust. this means all employees of @teamrevolutionbeauty will have complete access to all support facilities at retailtrust we always learn, and we always get better and we are excited to see this roll out in 2021 find out more about retailtrust at: www.retailtrust.org.uk @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, explores all facets of this signature lipstick and reinvents color itself with 75 shades in 4 new couture finishes. rouge dior ever wanted a game-changing mascara that can achieve instant length, lift, definition, stretch and volume in as little as just one swipe? the 5d lash mascara is here to grant all of your wishes! available now! what time is it? it's me time! take time to treat yourself and pay a little more attention to your skin. our long-wear concealer and our perfect teint concealer make dark circles, lines and wrinkles arround your eyes disappear perfectly for a great start into the day!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 75 shades, each with subtle nuances to dress women’s smiles. whether it's an avant-garde statement that pushes boundaries or a timeless bold style, they're anything but common. rouge dior o!mega moments call for o!mega shadow. our longwear gel eyeshadow features the most-requested, most-flattering shades in an oversized pan. tap to shop. swipe on a new world of bright, luminating lip color with new illuminating shine. this new lip-plumping and moisturizing formula has mood-boosting shades giving your lips a pop of gorgeous, juicy color. @lovegracee wears pure color illuminating shine in unpredictable 914. never too much glitter @tayloranise uses our liquid glitter eyeshadow in mermaid shimmy and 24k gold for this bold glitter eye look tap to shop for $5 keeping with christian dior’s wish to “dress women’s smiles, wear the new rouge dior with confidence and be ready to smile with 75 couture shades in 4 finishes. rouge dior velvet 999, 760 favorite, 773 bonheur, 720 icone, rouge dior satin 999, 520 feel good, 080 red smile, 458 paris, 844 trafalgar rouge dior matte 999, 100 nude look rouge dior metallic 999, 525 chérie just a few of our everyday must-haves. leave yours in the comments. @beautybyanaisindra you can't buy happiness but a new mascara comes pretty close the new 5d lash mascara has taken over two-years to develop, ensuring that it rivals mascaras that cost 3-times the price available at revolutionbeauty.com, @superdrug @beautybaycom @asos coming to more partners soon! tints try-on! which one is calling your name!? order of application: ready for some visible results? our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum visibly hydrates, firms and smoothes skin from the first use. after 1 week, skin is replumped, fine lines and wrinkles are visibly reduced. after 6 weeks, wrinkles are reduced by 47! say hello to our new 35s sweet oasis artistry palette 35 shades of pink and turquoise tones paired perfectly with sun-kissed neutrals from soft shimmers to velvety mattes, you’re gonna fall for all of these breathtaking shades. which shades are standing out to you? launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl it’s always a good day when you stock up on born this way super coverage concealer who’s bottle is almost empty? comment your shade below and we’ll choose 2 lucky babes to refill their shade! winners have been contacted via dm the sun is coming out with @mayamua's gorgeous glow using megaglo blushlighter in i met someone and her perfect winged eyeliner using our liquid eyeliner get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com elegance lies in what is not shown, says christian dior. @iluvsarahii is caliente in these vibrant aquas and sunset pinks from the collection how stunning is this look? mua: @lipsticknick collection includes: 35s sweet oasis artistry palette sweet oasis 6-piece eye brush set sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl spring-summer 2021 collection the les 4 ombres palette is now available in two new, ultra-feminine shade ranges. dense, matte or satiny eyeshadows. fresh shades of pink, peach and copper define the eyes, giving them a bold and radiant look. and a combination of coppery shades infused with pink, gold, chocolate brown or ivory create a sensual, mysterious effect. les 4 ombres 368 golden meadow, les 4 ombres 372 bouquet ambré @luciapicaofficial the cutest sponge you ever did see cop super sweet marshmellow blender sponge for an effortless application every. single. time. available online at nyxcosmetics.com go golden hour glam w these warm sunset hues from the new sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio with a high-shine, never-sticky finish, these lip gloss minis pair a buttery formula with cream and shimmer finishes. mini lip gloss trio includes: tipsy shimmering golden pink shimmy shimmering apricot groupie warm rose launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl who wants to recreate this gorgeous lip look? all you need is your foundation, color replenish lip balm and your favorite shade of new illuminating shine. give your pout bold and vivid color with pillow-y comfort with our newest, chic-est yet! tap to shop now! features pure color illuminating shine in unpredictable 914 pass the patch and keep. it. cute our acne patches care for your complexion and match your style introducing the new light shifter collection. light shifter dewing tint, a tinted moisturizer that gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish light shifter finishing veil, a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. with coverage so sheer, the shades are flexible to work on a range of skin tones. @grwrady's thoughts on the new @makeuprevolution 5d lash mascara: i love how easily it gives my lashes length and volume without looking clumpy! available now! sweet dreams are made of orange sorbet @bwitch17 @glambymykaila grooms sets her brows using our new brow glue instant brow styler have you tried our new generation serum? our 1.5 hyaluronic acid serum offers a daily shot of ultra-concentrated hyaluronic acid. let us know in the comments if you have tried it already, and if so, what you like the most about it! do you know the difference of cicanuit and huile cicaextreme? huile is formulated to restore and strengthens sensitized fiber by closing open scales from bleaching procedures. enriched with edelweiss oil, a highly concentrated strength reparative active, the huile cicaextreme protect your blonde hair against heat and oxidation. it also intensely hydrates fiber for a 91 stronger, softer and more resistant blonde. the serum cicanuit is designed to recover blonde hair overnight. its lightweight formula with high concentration of hyaluronic acid acts while you sleep to strengthen and hydrate blonde hair, erasing up to 55 of bleach damage while you sleep. for the best results follow the most adapted routine for your blonde. if you have a naturally dark base like @emrata, your blonde care routine is: 1. le bain cicaextreme shampoo for frictionless wash. 2. masque ultra-violet to get rid of brassiness. 3. cicaplasme leave in to protect the hair from the heat. 4. huile cicaextreme as a finishing oil to seal open scales. 5. apply serum cicanuit 4 to 5 times a week to deeply hydrate hair while you sleep. bonus caring gesture: as a weekly routine, bain ultra-violet for a color correction boost and masque cicaextreme for a deep hydration and fiber recovery. trending right meow create purrrfect looks with the 8 sexy shades in our feline-inspired kitty likes to scratch mini palette! spring-summer 2021 collection les fleurs de chanel for satiny, peach eyes accentuated by coppery contrasts, use les 4 ombres 368 golden meadow. brighten them up with le volume de chanel 120 metal terracotta, a metallic brown mascara. @luciapicaofficial @vittoria how to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get iconic nude matte lips with the new star shade rouge dior 100 nude look matte? dior contour 100 nude look rouge dior matte 100 nude look when you realize the products in your cart are $3 and under a few of our $3 and under favorites: instant lift brow pencil lip lacquer srsly satin lipstick bite size face duo bite size eyeshadow clear lash brow mascara tap to shop your wallet will thank you radiant infused with hyaluronic acid, ceramides, and triglycerides to nourish and moisturize. your lips have never felt better. tap to shop new illuminating shine and shade: pure color illuminating shine in social butterfly 920 volume on how satisfying is @youngcouture using our restart detox face mask? @sarahnovio has us mesmerized with this makeup look she wears our new spring 2021 launches to get the look the marshmellow smoothing primer the brow glue instant brow styler lift snatch! brow tint pen shine loud high shine lip color these must-haves more are on sale now! shop value sets, bestsellers cult faves up to 60 off during our sale-abration plus, get free shipping on orders $40 with code: goodtimes —only at benefitcosmetics.com! giveaway closed! congrats @bethinseattle, @elpasosarah, @fannyybeautyy, @carliann123, @kaylamunn! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 5 lucky winners to win our entire skincare collection of clean ingredients and super-effective formulas that make skincare simple! bubbly fresh gel-to-foam cleanser restart detox face mask total softie gel moisturizer lippie lullaby lip mask li'l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: what's your fave skincare product? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 11420. @biijall wears our soft matte lip cream in ‘monte carlo’ for the perfect power lippie what’s your go-to lip combo when you’re feeling’ bold? introducing the new light shifter dewing tint. light shifter dewing tint is a tinted moisturizer that gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. moisturizes instantly over time color true, all day wear anti-pollution protection blue light protection weightless vegan who is loving their morphe @lisafrank 35b palette? @muahalix glow getter! @carolosada is a mega babe in our light my fire palette, better than sex lashes style drama queen, killer liner shades killer gingerbread killer black, peach bloom cheek tint shade peach glow, and peach bloom lip balm shade peach punch! the only contouring product you'll ever need, at a price you'll always like: megaglo contouring palette for $5.99! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com golden goddess. national artistry ambassador @christianschild created this stunning look on @dijakallon for using photography by: @benjaminbecker rg: @christianschild who's ready for the year of the ox?? we’re celebrating with a limited edition collection ft. all of your faves! lunar new year ultimate shadow palette lunar new year epic ink liner new lunar new year soft matte lip cream shop the collection exclusively online at nyxcosmetics.com @amazon clarifying skincare that's affordable as e.l.f. our clarifying favorites: superclarify cleanser: this niacinamide-infused gel cleanser creates a gentle foam that lifts impurities from the skin, revealing a clean, smooth complexion clarifying booster drops: apply a few drops of this lightweight booster for a more even looking complexion with tea tree oil and witch hazel acne fighting spot gel: rollerball gel treatment is packed with active ingredients including salicylic acid, camphor, and tea tree, to help dry breakouts and kill bacteria tap to shop a lil euphoric eye moment @amythedutchess uses our slide on eye pencil in 'jet black' to complete this dazzling jaws drop @glambyerick leaves us speechless with full, natural-looking brows decked out in brow microfilling pen 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! we love seeing our showing off their favorite products with pride! take your skincare routine to the next level with our revitalift filler 1.5 pure hyaluronic acid serum for repumpled skin. @bykatieeve talks mental health and what it means to her champion change with us and join the conversation by tagging @makeuprevolution a reinterpretation of the greige new look of 1947, a color created by christian dior as the perfect blend of grey and beige. it prevails as the perfect new contemporary shade that subtly defines the lips. discover our new iconic matte: 100 nude look! rouge dior matte 100 nude look new launch we have @iheartrevolution here today taking over our channel to show you some new tasty treats! the latest drop is a batch made in heaven fill your jar up with the new i heart revolution cookie collection! each cookie is packed full of 9 super sweet matte and shimmery eyeshadow shades:⁣ birthday cake- soft pinks and neutrals⁣ triple chocolate- chocolate and caramel browns⁣ chocolate chip- neutrals, deep browns and olives⁣ red velvet- reds, burgundies and warm browns⁣ hit the link in our bio to get 3 for 2 on these tasty treats now for £6.99€8.99$10 each i literally use thirst trap juice every single day, 2 times a day! repost the stunning @bymeerakara thirst trap juice serum!! my skin feels super plumped my makeup base looks absolutely flawless!! nude is the guest of honor in rouge dior's new shade range! nude is different for each woman. the finish varies depending on the color of the lips, so it is important to offer a number of shades, from light beige to rosewood, to ensure every woman finds the one that is most flattering, says @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. rouge dior 100 nude look instant extreme blonde care comes in the form of a powerful concentrated hair oil. our signature glass bottle holds the key to total post-bleach recovery. applied on wet hair as a shine booster, or on dry hair as a protectant style finisher, huile leaves hair 91 stronger and 6x shinier while sealing the cuticle and reducing split ends. you dare, we care to the extreme take a closer look inside our cookie eyeshadow palettes. chocolate chip, birthday cake, triple chocolate or red velvet which do you think looks the most delicious? spring-summer 2021 collection le volume de chanel 120 metal terracotta, a metallic, pinkish brown mascara for luminous eyes that shimmer with coppery sparkles. @luciapicaofficial flawless skin and eyeliner sharp enough to cut glass? @dmr319's got it with primer serum, photo focus dewy foundation golden beige, and liquid eyeliner get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com introducing the new light shifter collection featuring light shifter dewing tint, a tinted moisturizer that gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish, and light shifter finishing veil, a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. we see your stunning lashes @holisticlyss. our strength length serum-infused mascara creates instant length and volume, while red clover peptide serum provides powerful strengthening benefits for healthier-looking lashes over time. meet flawless finish foundation 40 shades semi-matte finish buildable medium coverage oil-free lasts all day tap to shop for $6 a new dimension of color and shine! illuminating shine glides on like butter for bright, comfortable that your lips will thank you for! customize your look: swipe on once for sheer coverage, twice for medium, and three times for bold, impactful color! tap to shop new pure color illuminating shine in unpredictable 914! if you wanna be my lover, you've gotta get this palette! our be my lover palette is playfully feminine and packed with 8 sexy shades that are all about romance! we know you love a “melt in your mouth” cookie… but how about a “melt in your bath” cookie?! meet the gooiest, sweetest collection yet with the new @iheartrevolution cookie bath fizzers add your favourite bath fizzer to running or warm water and watch as the cookie dissolves for a splash of colour from the cookie available now for £3.50€4.50$5.50 each and you can grab 3 for the price of 2 doesn't matter how you stick it, these three packs of acne patches will help you kick that zit to the curb which style is your fave?! what team are you on? do you prefer our revitalift filler 1.5 pure hyaluronic acid serum or ampoules? tell us below! gives you all you need in a luxe gel liner: extreme longwear, amazing glide, intense payoff, and smudge-resistant wear. before and after: you only need a few products to prep and prime your face for the day. use our perfect teint foundation, our long-wear concealer, our all in one mascara, our eyebrow powder and our hydra care lipstick n°40 nature oasis to have the perfect base for your makeup or you just beautifully leave it like that without further makeup! image credits: photographer: @melaniedietzephotoart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @justinebraun⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 1 more day which shade is calling out your name from our 35s sweet oasis artistry palette? launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl radiate color and shine with new illuminating shine it takes lips from lackluster to luminous in seconds. tap to shop shade genius 913! red makes a true statement, while nude has become the everyday shade,” says @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. rouge dior matte 884 célèbre back in stock say hello to mask-proof, glossy color with our new shine loud high shine lip color cop our viral lippie exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty new super setter: a multi-tasking mist that’s a must in your routine the water-based, alcohol-free formula envelops skin in a cloud-like mist of moisture pore-blurring goodness! @gabrielle.shoots describe this @lipsticknick artistry on @iluvsarahii in emojis only collection launches tomorrow 114 on morphe.com, morphe stores @sephoracanada collection includes: 35s sweet oasis artistry palette sweet oasis 6-piece eye brush set sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio launch dates: 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @mailauranamu is a star in our lemon lime omg glitter! face body gel we know what we are doing tonight! all of us at @teamrevolutionbeauty we'll be sinking into a relaxing bath and making the most of our new tasty cookie bath fizzers double tap if you are loving this idea @glamzilla spills the tea on our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'on a mission' shop the restock now at nyxcosmetics.com let's have a chat share with us your experience with our revitalift filler 1.5 pure hyaluronic acid serum! meet your new crew sweet oasis 6-piece brush set —these synthetic eye brushes have got you covered from the first swipe to the finishing touch set includes: small chisel fluff brush large chisel fluff brush tapered mini blender brush pro firm blending fluff brush eyeliner brush detail smudger brush launch dates: 114 at online and in-stores, @sephoracanada 117 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty 121 @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl shine alert! @frantasticbeauty has us stunned with this glossy red moment ft. our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'on a mission' here are the deets on this viral lippie: bold pigment glossy finish no transfer vegan formula shop the restock now at nyxcosmetics.com and @ultabeauty add a personal pop of color to your look with our peach bloom lip balm! this buttery lip balm is available in 5 shades and blossoms based on your unique body chemistry. what is this we see on your channel @teamrevolutionbeauty what store is revolution coming to in the us? red haute @heygabyarria uses ka-brow! eyebrow cream-gel color 3 medium to fill sculpt her brows, plus gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 3.5 warm auburn brown to add natural-looking fullness! spring-summer 2021 collection rouge allure laque 73 invincible: a shiny lip lacquer for glistening, poppy red lips. @luciapicaofficial @vittoria wow @ojitosliin2 looks amazing in this look featuring our 16hr camo concealer in light beige tap to shop the full-coverage, long-wearing concealer for $6 leave a if you're ready for spring to arrive early @lexusmperezz it takes a team: ceramides and triglycerides work together to hydrate lips for immediate, plumping moisture in new illuminating shine get ready for next-level comfort and luminosity tap to shop! brb running to @ultabeauty @izzyxglam rocks our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'global citizen' 'on a mission' for a mask-proof lip moment which shade would you slay? shop the restock exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty did you know won for “best eyeliner” in the beauty awards for 2020? it’s tried and true for flake- and smudge-resistant wear that lasts all day, with high-performance pigment like no other. which is your fave from the collection morphe x @maddieziegler the imagination palette⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ lip cheek kits all 3 shades⁣⁣⁣⁣ dew bomb face gloss stick⁣⁣⁣⁣ @futilitiesmore closed why pick one, when you can have all 24! we're treating 1 lucky beauty to our new shine loud high shine lip color collection! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:30 pm pt on january 13, 2021 and ends at 3:30 pm pt on january 14, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. giveaway for enter to win all 3 of our acne patch sets sorry not sorry, 100 bye btch and see ya never by tagging 3 friends below who are skincare-obsessed 3 winners will be announced on 118 at 10am pst. good luck! iykyk @mikaylajmakeup compliments this glittery with our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'global citizen' shop the restock exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com and @ultabeauty we would like to thank clear lash brow mascara for keeping our brows in check all day long this dual-sided clear gel conditions and grooms lashes and brows into place tap to shop for only $2 introducing the new light shifter dewing tint, a tinted moisturizer that gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. with coverage so sheer, the shades are flexible to work on a range of skin tones. moisturizes instantly over time color true, all day wear anti-pollution protection blue light protection weightless vegan which item has been your go-to for 2021? @makeupshayla is a true bronze goddess w her in banana ultra-smooth, razor-sharp, long-lasting experience total control with our 36-hour waterproof gel killer liners! do your thing check out our bhcosmeticsofficial to see how some of our faves then show us yours! have you met our new super setter? a refreshing, microfine mist that won’t mess up your makeup or leave you feeling sticky and icky! angel baby @abbieherbert uses 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel in her brows and hoola matte bronzer on her cheeks for this glowing look! a sweet, well-scented experience coloring your hair does not need to be a smelly experience. try our casting crème gloss, enriched with honey, to avoid the classic ammonia smell. developed so you can solely concentrate on the glossy result! makeup has always been therapeutic to me and applying colours to my face has helped me a lot when i was suffering from severe anxiety 3 years ago. i’m totally supporting the @makeuprevolution january mental health campaign @officialnathalieuk⁣ @officialnathalieuk teamed up with @houseofsienna for this 'wild birds' collab share your story with us using and tag us spring has never been so delightful. nature awakens, full of light and freshness. flowers open up to the sun and cherry blossoms are in bloom. discover the brand new dior makeup spring look collection imagined by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, as a tribute to the modern-day flower woman dior 3 couleurs trioblique pure glow 663 triple bloom 643 pure petals did you know that you can use our fast base sticks as a foundation and to contour your face too!⁣ available separately or have you seen our new fast base contour sets which we have put together for you containing everything you need for that perfect contoured look! this spring season is all about grace, strength and passion. like the beautiful @ruthnotmay, work this neo-nude makeup up look and express your disruptive femininity who’s ready for introducing our new bright creme which drenches your skin in moisture and radiance. its formula is packed with antioxidants like moringa, beautyberry and vitamin c to reduce the look of dark spots and acne marks tap to shop now! half the ingredients of top-selling foundations and each is clean and vegan. when it comes to less does more. book your virtual consultation for a personalized shade match. use our fast base sticks to conceal, highlight and contour eboni from @teamrevolutionbeauty shows you her step by step routine with just 3 products mascara as good as lash extensions? it does exist: mega volume mascara, our ultra-pigmented plumping and nourishing mascara! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. light shifter finishing veil is sheer and buildable, infused with hyaluronic acid, vitamin e, and crystalized licorice. light shifting pigments absorb and reflect light to diffuse and illuminate skin. sheer coverage in flexible shades that work on a range of skin tones. glossy or velvety. matte or shimmery. poppy red or aubergine. coral or brownish cherry red. the lipsticks from the spring-summer 2021 collection make lips look full and sensual. @luciapicaofficial extra juicy @rebellebeautyx takes her pout to the max with our lip injection maximum plump! naturally luminous skin plus a blush hack! from @katiejanehughes. with new original liquid mineral foundation, radiance is as easy as dot, sweep and press! congrats to our winners @cecelia.renae @hectorbleu @annecathclem @madmodgirl @kylielucaswilliams this one's for you, loyal beauty squad members current members of our beauty squad loyalty program it’s free and easy to join can comment below to enter for a chance to win the ultimate jackpot of $1,000 in e.l.f. no purchase necessary. open to u.s. residents who are eighteen years or older and current members of our beauty squad loyalty program. void where prohibited. shine bright like a diamond in new gem on decorative face body jewels collection includes: pearly: domed pearls in a variety of shapes moon beam: reflective silver holographic color in star, moon, diamond and oval shapes diamond rush: reflective silver holographic and jewel tones in start, heart and gem shapes showgirl: reflective silver holographic color that comes in a large forehead piece w matching jewels only $6 each! become a member of the glossy club join the club of fine ladies with natural-looking glossy hair! everyone is welcome new launch fast base contour set! conceal and contour your face with the new fast base contour sets. featuring two of our best selling revolution fast base foundation sticks, this kit has everything you need for the perfect contoured makeup look.⁣ save 50 on the rrp when you buy the 2 shades in a set!⁣ available in 5 shades link in bio today only! score our for just $17 that’s 50 off! exclusively at benefitcosmetics.com and in instagram shopping just tap on the product tag to shop directly in the app! our shine loud high shine lip color is cleo approved shop our and lippie exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty @yepitsdelaney illuminate your skin with the first dior stick glow and get the ultimate natural, healthy-looking glow this product will enhance the natural radiance of your cheeks with a subtle luminous finish.try it now! dior stick glow 715 coral glow 865 pink glow the collection is now available on morphe.com, morphe stores, and @sephoracanada! collection includes: 35s sweet oasis artistry palette sweet oasis 6-piece eye brush set sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio more launch dates: 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl lips to kiss! create three soft and creamy erveryday lip looks with our favorite lip beauties. shown: perfect color lipstick n°955 frosted rose hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis perfect color lipstick n°961 pink bouquet recreate the whole look: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink image credits: @natascha.lindemann tune in today at 11am pst2pm est to watch bday babe @theblondetaylor go ig live and rep the garnet for january gemsquad! it’s what’s on the inside that counts what's inside our new bright creme? nothing but the best for your skin! our silky-smooth formula is packed with moringa, beautyberry and vitamin c and starts to reduce the look of dark spots such as acne marks in just two weeks. clinical testing on 56 women after using supreme bright power soft creme for 2 weeks. @iluvsarahii took us there w mua: @lipsticknick the collection is now available on morphe.com, morphe stores, and @sephoracanada more launch dates: 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl @oohweeeg @muamartini are obsessed with the new spring brow lip products!! we also have our 2 fast base glow sticks, this soft-focus cream highlighter gives the skin a gorgeous glossy and illuminated glow to complete your look! available in two shades: champagne: high glossy, almost transparent, finish with a hint of champagne sparkle rose gold: buttery sheer rose gold glow introducing the new light shifter finishing veil. light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. sets makeup with a satiny finish ultra-smooth flexible shade range vitamin e nourishes skin vegan a clear and shiny difference use casting crème gloss to achieve the best ‘after’ shot. be like @cindybruna, be glossy! colours in bloom. fresh, radiant skin. rosy, peach eyes with contrasting accents of metallic, coppery brown. full, poppy red lips that glisten. lacquered, bright red nails. the spring-summer 2021 collection offers sensual, luminous makeup for a bold and radiant woman. exclusive creation fleurs de printemps les 4 ombres 368 golden meadow rouge allure laque 73 invincible le volume de chanel 120 metal terracotta le vernis 887 metallic bloom @luciapicaofficial @vittoria which sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio shade describes your day? tipsy shimmering golden pink shimmy shimmering apricot groupie warm rose the collection is now available on morphe.com, morphe stores, and @sephoracanada! 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl spellbind onlookers with a single look and a little touch of star magic, our rose gold save 30 now on marcjacobsbeauty.com. you can't go wrong with this spicy palette. our light my fire mini palette is packed with sexy, warm, spicy shades that will have you lookin' straight fire! acne fighting spot gel to the rescue this acne-fighting gel is packed with active ingredients salicylic acid, camphor and tea tree, to help dry breakouts and kill bacteria plus witch hazel, green tea and aloe to hydrate the skin and soothe swelling tap to shop for only $3 a lil fit. some of our fave vegan formulas which products are you loving? stick on the show-stopping shine with our just dropped gem on decorative face body jewels not only is our epic ink liner pigmented af and waterproof, she's also @tashjanecollins completes this gorgeous green using our holy grail liner one swipe for major new bright creme is a deeply nourishing revealing radiance and glowing skin daily. plus: in just two weeks, dark spots such as acne marks start to look reduced with bright creme! clinical testing on 56 women, after using power soft creme for 2 weeks. what's your power color? @mi1lou which item has been your go-to for 2021? total softie gel moisturizer replenishes skin and provides a burst of hydration with a highly effective form of hyaluronic acid, antioxidant-rich squalane, and jojoba oil. wake up facial exercises makeup got it! @allyoucanface’s morning routine is goals for getting a gorgeous, refreshed look! pearly girly @aafrrin amps up her look with our new gem on jewels it's vegan szn! drop your fave snacks below ft. here is our epic ink liner @hollyt elevates an everyday eye look using o!mega shadow in o!snap, in blacquer, and if this isn't the definition of a radiant glow, we don't know what is! @highonlifestylee is using dewy foundation and megaglo blushlighter in i met someone get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com tag someone who needs to re-create @iluvsarahii's created by @lipsticknick the collection is now available on morphe.com, stores, and @sephoracanada! more launch dates: 119 @meccamaxima 214 @ultabeauty late january: @prettylittlething @douglascosmetics @feelunique @cloud10beauty @iciparisxlbe @kicks.se @themakeupspotnl the best you've ever had. stock up on better than sex mascara @hsn and @qvc. @cheskacampbell swipes on our epic ink liner to slay this fierce shop our fave vegan formulas online at nyxcosmetics.com liquid metallic eyeshadow in big dipper has that one-swipe pigmentation with a long-wearing, gel-based formula tap to shop for $5. available at @targetstyle set it and forget it! our new super setter locks on makeup for 16 hours and instantly blurs pores for a smooth, seamless finish! now available at @sephora in a full-size for $32 and mini for $15! the new pure glow spring 2021 collection is dedicated to the modern-day flower woman. open your soul to nature and be inspired to create your own dewy neo-nude looks this season. play with sumptuous formulas and delicate radiance with glimmering touches on the eyes, cheeks and lips! 3 couleurs trioblique 663 triple bloom 643 pure petals dior lip maximizer 004 coral 022 ultra pink dior stick glow 715 coral glow 865 pink glow take a day off and prep and prime your skin with our essentials. your skin give thanks to you brunettes also have fun! sp-ice up your look with the iced brown shade from casting crème gloss and have fun in all your glossy-ness. it's a semi-permanent hair dye, perfect for covering the first greys. by @theselfcarekit friendly reminder that it's okay to feel your emotions and put yourself first. give yourself all the time you need.⁣ drop the emoji that you resonate with the most below: did you know we have a whole nail care range? this is our prep hydrate base coat which is formulated with watermelon seed oil which will help nourish the nails whilst also providing a smooth canvas for nail polish colour application les fleurs de chanel the elegance of camellias, the sensuality of anthuriums and the freshness of poppies inspired @luciapicaofficial for the spring-summer collection. a rich, joyful palette of unparalleled textures and vibrant colours: intense reds, deep cherry reds, lively pinks, dusty peaches, and dazzling corals. the blooming of a radiant femininity. @deirdrefirinne @mikaschndr @akonchangkou i am in so much aw of the kindness boss-empowering energy of this superwoman @tamronhall repost @tamronhallshow we’ve got to take several moments to appreciate and be inspired by huda kattan! our new bright creme’s ultra-soft texture is like a restorative hug for your skin, nourishing and strengthening it while reducing the look of dark spots and uneven skin tone. tap to shop now! this spring, get natural and luminous looks with the iconic dior lip duo. lip glow oil will coat your lips in a springtime mirror-shine finish and pop of color, while dior lip maximizer will instantly plump and smooth your lips with a spring-vibe coral color. dior lip maximizer 004 coral dior lip glow oil 001 pink us too, @haileybieber. we can’t get enough of all the clean, natural ingredients in new original liquid mineral foundation. from delicate fine lines to bold thick lines, you can create whatever look you're going for with liquid eyeliner get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com our candy nails! oyster shell silver or candy floss pink comment below and tell us your fave raise your hand in the comments if you are a fan of a no makeup, makeup look combine our flawless brightening concealer, putty blush, lash it loud mascara and hydrating core lip shine for a full face of e.l.f. that gives a natural, refreshed look tap to shop it's an add to cart kinda day plump, fill, and lift like never before with our plump prime, lip injection lip gloss maximum plump. now available @sephora! tap to shop. light shifter dewing tint is a tinted moisturizer that gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. light shifter dewing tint is weightless in coverage, with a gel balm texture that cocoons skin. light shifting pigments reflect and diffuse light, providing multi-dimensional luminosity. hyaluronic acid moisturizes skin instantly while squalane, vitamin e, and glycerin nourish. color true, all day wear. with coverage so sheer, the shades are flexible to work on a range of skin tones. so glossy, so natural! achieve a natural-looking hair color with our semi-permanent hair color casting crème gloss that lasts up to 28 shampoos. easy to use and suitable for all hair types. how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get a pure glowy makeup look for spring? 3 couleurs trioblique 663 triple bloom diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black dior stick glow 865 pink glow dior lip maximizer 022 ultra pink giveaway closed! congrats @desireyy, @cloeluv, @meaganturner, @xoanabanana, @lil.miss.gorgeous! thank you to everyone who participated! who's ready stun in the sun and be one of the 5 lucky winners to win pr box w the stunning @iluvsarahii! collection includes: 35s sweet oasis artistry palette sweet oasis 6-piece eye brush set sweet oasis mini lip gloss trio how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: fave part of the collection? good luck, giveaway is open internationally and the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 11621. e-girl vibes @jessyluxe wears precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel to complete her look! closed! we're treating 1 lucky beauty to some of our faves! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on january 15, 2021 and ends at 9:30 am pt on january 16, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. not your grandma's pearls add a little something extra to your look with these perfectly-sized pearlescent stickers for face, body, hair and nails waking up or winding down, your skin will love our creme! our deeply nourishing formula is infused with moringa extract so your skin springs back with new bounce and radiance. tap to shop now. get your quick fix of hydration w @badhabitbeauty's daily dose multivitamin moisturizer who's tried bad habit? is available on morphe.com stores @byjessicahedman serves this groovy green glam using some of our faves she uses our ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' epic wear liner stick in 'all time olive' to get the look high gloss neon nail polishes, yes please! and, introducing the new shade zingy the green! shop all nail now, hit that link in out bio!⁣ 100 vegan. cruelty-free. gluten-free. xylene-free. made in the u.k saves under glam inspo @itslesliealvarado shows off our kitty like to scratch palette, peach bloom lip balm shade lilac nude cheek tint shade guava glow, killer liner shade killer black, and better than sex lashes style drama queen! who doesn't like chocolate? no one, right? discover the yummy chocolate shade from our casting crème gloss series, and achieve ultra-glossy hair with shimmering tones! she's a showgirl @gloschi is turning on the gem goddess realness in our gem on decorative face body jewels before and after how do you like this natural makeup look?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°1 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ all in one mascara n°1 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°40 crown pink⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @natascha.lindemann⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the content we need after this week we want to see your furry friends! tag us in your pet photos with who said formulas have to be boring? our ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' is the definition of electrifying pov: us getting ready to promenade for suitors after watching bridgerton for the 3rd time in a row introducing new light shifter finishing veil, a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. shop the new light shifter collection now at sephora. sets makeup with a satiny finish ultra-smooth flexible shade range vitamin e nourishes skin vegan @sephora @sephoracanada a serpentine serve @anya.tisdale slays this magical moment using our marshmellow smoothing primer lift snatch brow tint pen brow glue the ultra-soft and smooth texture of is infused with botanical ingredients like moringa, the secret to plumped, healthy and radiant looking skin tap to shop now! tag a who needs to re-create @roseandben's sunset look using for a limited time take 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout! o!mega shadow is the cashmere sweater of eyeshadows—the essential addition that ties your beauty wardrobe together. shop now on marcjacobsbeauty.com for 30 off. @stephhcardenas is a dream in cashmere cream it's the last chance to get yours @ultabeauty for 70 off the fresh blooming look this makeup look is all about colour diffusion. @luciapicaofficial starts by illuminating the complexion with the exclusive creation fleurs de printemps. next, she applies the dark shade from the les 4 ombres 368 golden meadow palette and extends the colour outward to make the eyes appear larger. she then applies the golden shade for extra shine, blending from the inner corner of the eye to the middle of the eyelid. for the lips, she creates a shimmering, lacquered effect with rouge allure laque 73 invincible and adds a hint of golden light just above the cupid's bow. recreate the look: exclusive creation fleurs de printemps les 4 ombres 368 golden meadow rouge allure laque 73 invincible @mikaschndr this weekend only take 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout curated by singersongwriter @madisonbeer, this 6-piece set of soft brushes provides everything you need to create gorgeous eye looks: pointed packer brush pro precision smudger brush pencil crease brush large round blender brush blending fluff brush angle liner brush brush bag @flatlay2slay @lazybonesbeauty slays this vibrant using our faves ft. here is our epic ink liner lift snatch brow tint pent in 'espresso' brow glue what's your fave color duo? grab all of these for 30 off rn for a limited time on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout @biancalovesmakeup91 sent us w this look using: continuous priming in sweet tea in shimmy a liner look inspired by dark chocolate-dipped berries and deep velvet silk robes. artistry by @morganemartini using in the shade berry deep for the inner corners and shade mo’cha for the wing. are you ready to get lucky?! our limited edition lunar new year collection drops this sunday in partnership with @xixiyang mark your calendars for the year of the ox @evyxo slays defined arches using our lift snatch! brow tint pen in 'brunette' shop our faves online at nyxcosmetics.com don’t know who needs to hear this, but you look hot in that crop topbikinibodycon dress, etc etc @callmealaska inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week we love our e.l.f. community and we wanted to show off some of our favorite looks from this week make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week issa vibe spice up your friday night glam with the bold, spicy shades in our @mariale amor caliente eye and cheek palette! issa vibe spice up your friday night glam with the bold, spicy shades in our @mariale amor caliente eye and cheek palette! issa vibe spice up your friday night glam with the bold, spicy shades in our @mariale amor caliente eye and cheek palette! this week, as part of our makeup for mental health month, we are handing the mic over to seed to highlight their incredible work and the support they offer to those in need. we will also be making a £5,000 donation to seed to support their amazing services support and empathy for people with eating disorders seed is one of the uk’s leading charities helping spread awareness and support for people suffering from an eating disorder. seed offers life-saving services such as treatment, support, care, love, intervention and prevention to empower anyone suffering. seed want to help people thrive not just survive! you can head to their page or visit www.seedeatingdisorders.org.uk for more information. a huge thanks to @gemma.oaten, @drranj, @julieatherton, @gabyroslin, @mrjoemcfadden, @philipserrellauctioneers and @robertdawsofficial for helping create such a powerful video and deliver such an important message. @seedsupportuk all these vegan goodies if you want to do your part for the planet and still look great while doing it this is your one-stop for vegan makeup products this veganuary!⁣ what is on your vegan wishlist? no filter needed! @mrsrandilee from the bareminerals team is looking luminous in new original liquid mineral foundation. visit us in store to safely get your shade match! good things come in bite size packages bite-size eyeshadows and bite-size face duos have super pigmented, blendable and creamy formulas that fit in the palm of your hand tap to shop for $3 talk about a haul which product would you grab first?! comment below! @flatlay2slay we couldn't help but wonder 1, 2 or 3? revolution classics set⁣ revolution molten metallics set⁣ revolution conceal, contour glow set⁣ new makeup sets now live on our website hit the link in bio light shifter dewing tint contains light shifting pigments that reflect and diffuse light, providing multi-dimensional luminosity. available now at @ultabeauty. light shifter dewing tint contains light shifting pigments that reflect and diffuse light, providing multi-dimensional luminosity. available now at @ultabeauty. rediscover the timeless rouge dior lipstick in its iconic satin finish, now infused with red peony and pomegranate flower for hydration and care. rouge dior satin 999 blinged-out with color @jennyboldtbeauty is a gem in garnet for january spritz, spritz not only is our matte setting spray america's setting spray but she's too keep your makeup staying fresh with this beauty essential rule the throne in our new limited edition tiara lashes three royal styles for every lash look: duchess: ultra-wispy faux lashes princess: volumizing and lengthening faux lashes queen: super-striking, dramatic faux lashes each only $4.50! when a golden glow meets a smoky eye @evanunez is using matte foundation in nude ivory, blush in keep it peachy, and megaglo highlighting powder in bloom time get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @kaushal uses new light shifter dewing tint to get a sheer, dewy, luminous finish in just seconds. light shifter dewing tint is weightless in coverage, with a gel balm texture that cocoons skin. with coverage so sheer, the shades are flexible to work on a range of skin tones. is your the right match for you? @dominiqueiam and @michellexadri share how to find your perfect moisturizer match and introduce our new supreme bright creme tap to learn more about our moisturizers! revolution is coming to target stores!⁣ drop a comment below and let us know what city you want to see a stand in? get our best sellers everything morphe 30 off all weekend on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout morphe stores! excl 3rd party a lil saturday slay ft. our faves @delaneydekok serves this electric glam wearing our epic ink liner ultimate utopia shadow palette total control pro drop foundation pore filler shop our essentials online at nyxcosmetics.com @amberdmakeup the ultra-soft and smooth texture of is infused with botanical ingredients like moringa, the secret to plumped, healthy and radiant looking skin tap to shop now! so. mini. possibilities our mini palettes are packed with go-anywhere shades that will have you creating endless looks at home and on the go! which one is your fave?! blessing your feed with this photo of @luisalejandrobeauty he rocks in shade 5 and cakeless concealer in shade 4! have you tried our putty primer applicator? the dual-ended tool has a spatula to scoop out putty primer on one end and a dense brush to easily blend out the product on the other for an easy, more hygienic way to apply your favorite primer tap to shop putty primers $8 and putty primer applicator $6 bow down because @taliquindio reigns supreme defend your skin with the new uv defender: the complete sunscreen we love! reduces 7 years of sun aging spots in 3 months protects from uv rays with the power of spf 60 with hyaluronic acid, dermatologists’ favorite anti-aging active dry touch and matte effect with 12h oil control equivalent in age of the improvement of uv-induced dark spots contrast and density appearance. defenda sua pele com o novo uv defender: o protetor solar diário completo que a gente ama! reduz 7 anos de manchas solares em 3 meses de uso protege dos raios uv com o poder do fps 60 com ativo hialurônico, o ativo anti-idade queridinho dos dermatologistas toque seco e efeito matte com controle de oleosidade por 12 horas estudo clínico, uso diário. equivalente em anos à melhoria do contraste e densidade de manchas solares induzidas pela exposição solar. can we all just live in @justrosh's cosmic universe forever? for a limited time take 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout morphe stores! we got all your face essentials covered which one of our formulas is your ride-or-die when creating a flawless finish? standby shadows you’ll reach for every time, in supersized pans at supersized savings. create a polished, everyday look to a sultry, smoky eye with o!mega shadow, now 30 off on marcjacobsbeauty.com. our born to glow radiant foundation brings the coverage and the @crissy.vela wears our go-to radiant foundation as a flawless base for this vibrant raise of hands if you got the new grab the entire collection for 30 off on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout morphe stores! it's a great day for some home spa routine and to treat our skin a little longer. 8 hours of sleep in a tube the hydrating wonder skin primer instantly revives and refreshes tired skin. have you already tried this beauty must-have? if yes, leave us a comment with your opinion.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ did you know 95 of women who used new bright creme said their skin immediately felt soft, supple, hydrated and refreshed? snap a selfie of your and tag us for a chance to be featured on our instagram consumer testing in the us on 100 women. me after i we'll the best answers @gemsrodri pack, define and blend like a breeze with our vegan chillin’ in chicago 7 piece eye brush set was vixen eyes transfix them all. mua @mr.davidlopez used in glamaroon to elongate the inner corner, and mo’cha to extend an elegant wing. rg: @mr.davidlopez photography by: @fernandogomezphoto there's somethin' about our born to glow radiant foundation which shade of this is your perfect match? where would you wear these colors? for a limited time take 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout morphe stores! @trendmood1 two is better than one! get two volumizing brow gels for $25 $48 value! now at @hsn! this glam is @glambygilly creates this gorgeous look using our light my fire mini palette, killer liner shade killer gingerbread, and better than sex lashes style drama queen! we're having major envy over @dajjrambo glowy, green moment she wears our born to glow radiant foundation as a base for this editorial glam leave nothing but emojis to praise this slayage by @naezrahlooks for a limited time take 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout morphe stores! it's get to know your customers day one of our favorite parts about e.l.f. is getting to know our e.l.f.ing amazing community! so tell us, what is your all-time favorite e.l.f. product? we can't wait to read your responses in the comments! mesmerized by miranda supermodelbeauty founder @mirandakerr dishes to @rosieinc while filling in her brows with her go-to precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 3.5 medium! opulent in green gold @smithadepak framed her soft glam look with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black! beautiful skin starts with sunscreen! brazil has one of the highest uv index rates of the world, that’s why it’s important to wear sunscreen every day. discover our new daily anti-aging sunscreens uv defender, made to measure for our brazilian with 3 shades from light to dark, to match many skin tones, as well as the non-tinted version. with its special pigments, it not only protects skin from aging caused by uv rays, but also covers imperfections, for a beautiful and even skin finish. find your best match and share it with us in the comments! uma pele bonita começa com protetor solar! o brasil tem um dos maiores índices uv do mundo, por isso é tão importante usar filtro solar todos os dias. descubra nosso novo protetor solar diário anti-envelhecimento uv defender, feito especialmente para as brasileiras da família l’oréal paris, com 3 tons de base: clara, média e escura, para os diversos tipos de pele, além da versão sem cor. com os pigmentos da versão com cor, uv defender protege a pele não só do envelhecimento causado pelos raios uv, mas também cobre as imperfeições, para uma pele linda e uniforme. encontre a sua cor perfeita e nos conte o que achou nos comentários! self-care is paramount. no matter how busy or stressful your day was, always try and set aside some time for you head over to our blog, revsays link in bio, to learn how you can practice mindfulness in your skincare routine to help change your mindset and mood what are your favourite ways to practice mindfulness in your skincare routine? we'd love to hear them the perfect brushes don't exi- build your dream brush set and create the ultimate makeup masterpiece every time. these multipurpose brushes are ideal for professionals and beginners alike. double tap if you want to treat yourself to the create brush set drop some if you’re loving this glam by @daniellekirsty11 thanks for recreating this look beautiful available exclusively at @cultbeauty double tap if you're rewatching this swatch video all day tell us which of our is your favorite below what time is it? beauties, it's me time! your skin deserves it, so take your time for a little self care session. trust us, we always count on our wonder skin primer used alone or under makeup. it provides a natural, beautiful finish and improves the durability of your makeup.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ true or false: brows can make or break a look psst...check out the ultimate brow retractable pencil in 4 shades for bomb brows every day! get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com emerald eyes @mayamua wears our liquid metallic eyeshadow in aurora for this gorgeous green eye look tap to shop $5 available at @targetstyle! all of this new new is now available online @ultabeauty coming soon to your local store it’s such a lightweight foundation and gives you a nice medium coverage. it literally leaves my skin glowing all day. @lifewithrimmi we couldn't agree more! @lifewithrimmi's original liquid mineral foundation shade is golden ivory 7. @ultabeauty competition time⁣ as part of veganuary we are giving away a vegan revolution haul worth over £500 to enter:⁣⁣ like this post follow @makeuprevolution we'll be checking!⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a friend and comment on our last 3 posts⁣⁣ share on your stories for an extra entry good luck!⁣ tcs:⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 11.59pm gmt on sunday 24th january 2021. one winner will be chosen at random by the revolution team. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 5 days of the competition closing. the winner will receive £500 worth of revolution products across all brands, not specifically products in the photo. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram.⁣⁣ give your glam a fresh glow with our peach bloom color blossoming lip cheek tint! this lighter-than-air gel blush creates a custom flush of color based your unique body chemistry. it’s never been easier to get a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. light shifter dewing tint is our new tinted moisturizer that is weightless in coverage, with a gel balm texture that cocoons skin. available at sephora, ulta beauty, and beccacosmetics.com how many blushes do you have in your collection!? medium? light? dark? defend your skin in your perfect skin tone! presenting the new uv defender: with 3 unique shades to match many skin tones while protecting your skin from the aging caused by uv rays. it not only protects, but also covers imperfections, for a beautiful and protected skin all day long sparks emoji. its powerful formula combines high spf 60 with hyaluronic acid to remove 7 years of sunspots in 3 months and prevents wrinkles! also available in non-tinted version. equivalent in age of the improvement of uv-induced dark spots contrast and density appearance. cor média? clara? escura? defenda sua pele no tom perfeito! apresentando o novo uv defender: disponível em 3 cores exclusivas para proteger os diferentes tons de pele do envelhecimento causado pelos raios uv. além de proteger, uv defender cobre imperfeições para uma pele bonita e protegida o dia todo sparks emoji. sua fórmula poderosa combina alta proteção fps 60 com ácido hialurônico e pode remover 7 anos de manchas solares em 3 meses e prevenir rugas! também disponível em versão sem cor. estudo clínico, uso diário. equivalente em anos à melhoria do contraste e densidade de manchas solares induzidas pela exposição solar. grab 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout stores in slayage glambassador brushes @flatlay2slay long week? we've been there, but your eyes don't need to show it. eye supercharged complex gives the eye area a boost. this eye complex treats visible signs of eye aging, including blue light damage from screen exposure, dark circles, and puffiness. tap to shop and add it to your second image credits: @arecipeforpretty show your seductive side wearing the new refillable rouge dior in the shade 080 red smile! rouge dior satin 080 red smile beautiful @francinyehlke serving some stunning eye glam and makeup look inspo! love her! makeup details: @hudabeautyshop concealer setting powder eyes in khaki lips @hudabeautyshop lip contour lip strobe a new year means new looks to play and slay with ring in the year of the ox with the just dropped limited edition lunar new year: 2021 edit we need @branalunan's flower power energy for 2021 what energy are you bringing into 2021? grab 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout stores! more than just your average setting powder. new light shifter finishing veil is infused with hyaluronic acid, crystallized licorice, and green tea. our ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' didn't come to play cop this must-have online at nyxcosmetics.com @nyane wears our born to glow radiant foundation in 'caramel' 3 steps to sculpt face palette as a base for this colorful which lippie would you pick? lip crayon in mcm lip gloss in flower crown matte lipstick in honey lip liner in bamboo lip gloss attention grab all lippies more for 30 off on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout stores prep prime your skin with our anti pollution spray every day. vegan silk defends your skin from harmful environmental influences. the spray also keeps your skin hydrated and fixes your makeup. little hint: for every order in our online shop with a minimum order value of 35 you will get an anti pollution spray for free with the code prepnrpime valid from january 1st, 2021 till february 28th, 2021. this palette will have you saying, oh hot damn, that's my jam! the sexy, cool shades in our that's my jam palette were inspired by fresh-picked berries and they smell like berry jam! out with the old, in with the bold tune in here for all the deets and bts content from our new collab with @xixiyang it runs in the allure family when forever flawless allure gets together with the rest of the family:⁣ forever flawless dynamic allure and forever limitless allure it runs in the allure family when forever flawless allure gets together with the rest of the family:⁣ forever flawless dynamic allure and forever limitless allure which shade of our ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' would you hit pan on first? poreless putty primer plus hydrating camo concealer are the key ingredients to a flawless base poreless putty primer grips makeup for all day wear and it's smooth, velvety texture glides over skin seamlessly while hydrating camo concealer covers up imperfections and under-eye circles with full-coverage while giving a boost of hydration to your skin tap to shop! lush layers of high-impact, crease-resistant color. o!mega shadow’s innovative gel-coated pigments blend out buttery smooth for intense payoff. try it for yourself and take 30 off o!mega shadows on marcjacobsbeauty.com. what are your tips for a sleek liner moment? @ashlevi slays this ultra precise winged liner using our epic ink liner “i’ve always been inspired by the timeless beauty of roses. rose de grasse represents the rarest and special of these flowers.”– aerin lauder. indulge in this showstopping floral signature from @aerin @makeupbyyessi said blue grab your morphe faves for 30 off for limited time on morphe.com w code take30 morphe stores palette highlighter palette in bite me inspired by @stenss that skin tho @jordanliberty achieves an airbrushed finish on @thisgirlfatuma using our new the porefessional: super setter! what are your thoughts of @chantalcaroline gave this look some soul: @lisafrank 35b palette the big prime lash primer grab your morphe faves for 30 off for limited time on morphe.com w code take30 morphe stores inspired by: @amythedutchess @alexmarieartistry wears our epic ink liner fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil to slay this fierce shop our faves at nyxcosmetics.com what are your sunday night plans? @awhjasmin created perfection w morphe @lisafrank 35b palette in spark grab your morphe faves for 30 off for limited time on morphe.com w code take30 morphe stores long weekend means more time to play with makeup! which too faced products are you reaching for? top 3 most used products... go! @beautyfxbyceleste @noelleplay slays this sleek stacked liner moment using our og epic ink liner transform your eye look from day time neutral to night time glam. @federicamakeupart wears: o!mega shadow in o!yeah, o!mercy and brav-o! in mo’cha in earthquake mascara congrats to our winners @ammicake and @lazoxix we’re dreaming we’ve partnered with @slipsilkpillowcase for a luxurious nighttime routine giveaway 2 lucky winners will receive: $100 gift card to @elfcosmetics $100 gift card to @slipsilkpillowcase rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @slipsilkpillowcase [2] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends friday, january 22nd at 9am pt. no purchase necessary. the two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. timeless @whitneykshepherd wears precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium to create soft, hair-like strokes! let it rain! introducing elvive dream lengths wonder water, the 1st ever liquid conditioner. the road to silkier, shinier, healthier-looking hair just got easier, it only requires 8 seconds of your day! who's excited to try it? you got this we’re continuing to support mental health awareness this blue monday with our campaign. these incredible members of the beauty community have championed change with us by sharing their stories, giving advice or simply sharing the looks where they feel ready to take on the world. continue the conversation, champion change with us and spread awareness by using bleaching your hair means removing layers of pigments proteins. after this procedure, women tend to notice the fiber fragilized and more prone to breakage. following proper care after each bleaching session is crucial for a healthy and soft blonde, and is recommended by professionals. follow @hovigetoyanparis our top parisian hairstylist, performing a post procedure care in salon service to deeply recover @emmahouv blonde hair after bleaching! new launch meet our new 7-day skin plan with our @revolutionskincare ampoules. available in 3 of our best selling and most loved skincare ingredients vitamin c contains 10 pure vitamin c which is kept potent in ampoule format. helps to brighten and even skin tone, revitalise and freshen the complexion and reduce the appearance of wrinkles salicylic acid helps to exfoliate and cleanse the pores, loosening trapped sebum and dirt so that it can be removed, preventing any congestion that may cause blemishes. niacinamide helps to smooth and even skin tone, balance sebum production, reduce redness and help with improving skin moisturisation to help create a more even skin tone and texture these ampoules are made from glass which is great for recycling but please open with care follow the detailed instructions on the pack vegan cruelty free £10€11.99$14 introducing the anti-brass in-salon restoring care! intense bleaching requires immediate in-salon care for resilient hair and true-toned blonde. you already know the booster cicafibre to restore the hair fiber after bleaching but this year we’re going extreme! meet the new fusio dose concentré [h.a] ultra-violet! an add-on to the booster cicafibre blonde care treatment for an ultra-concentrated shot of moisturizing hyaluronic acid and ultra-violet anti-brass agents. the powerful new duo instantly eliminates ½ of damage from bleaching accumulated over one year. an instant dose of purple care to keep color bright and balanced like never before! ask your hairdresser about it! what will you find inside every beautiful jar of ultimate lift regenerating youth eye creme? exquisite himalayan gentian extract to help transform the look of eyes so you feel extraordinarily beautiful. @ccclarke is flawless in born this way! she conceals to perfection with our super coverage concealer in shade almond. chanel 18 rouge noir with a multi-tasking formula that instantly sets makeup, blurs pores and lasts 16 hours, the super setter makeup setting spray is here to stay! available in a full-size for $32 and mini size for $15 now at @ultabeauty! our new revolution skincare ampoules are perfect for travel or for trialling new ingredients in your routine, ampoules are the high potency, hygienic way to reap the benefits of some of our best-selling ingredients how to use: hold the ampoule with one hand and attach the opener. protect your hands by wrapping the ampoule in a tissue or cloth. snap the ampoule at the neck. carefully remove the opener and keep for future use. attach the dropper to the top of the open ampoule. pour the liquid into your hands and apply to face. carefully remove the dropper and keep for future use. dispose of empty ampoule top in recycle bin today we remember the life and legacy of dr. martin luther king jr., who touched the world with his words and whose great lessons continue to inspire us in observance of martin luther king jr. day with @jedfoundation @loveislouder. a new wave of premium hair treatment! equipped with lamellar technology, the dream lengths wonder water instantly smoothens the hair fibers, in just 8 seconds leaving your hair 10x times smoother and shinier. what year did you discover last day to take 30 off everything morphe including collabs on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout morphe stores! @beauty.by.taiba stencils by @swatchperfectuk the rouge dior in its new floral care satin finish will always be perfect for a statement makeup look! rouge dior satin 080 red smile shine all the way to the bank and back with lunar new year: 2021 edit omg glitter! now available in two new festive af shades: red envelope multi-dimensional firecracker red gold coin multi-dimensional glimmering gold you better believe we're dancing to this! wild one @danielleelliott is killing it with megaglo blushlighter in i met someone, and lip colors in clothes off and mochalicious get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com describe @cakefacerj’s look in only emojis last day to grab anything morphe for 30 off w code take30 at checkout stores! for natural looking lips that are easy to fall in love with! our nourishing hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis with sheer color gives your lips a beautiful natural finish and prevents them from drying out. swipe left to see some catchy close-ups! products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis image credits: @natascha.lindemann today we are honoring dr martin luther king jr, one of the most influential civil rights leaders. we are committed to speaking out against racial injustice and will continue to advocate for our communities @whenweallvote the precious glamour collection really said bling-bling it's all about that lid for us and trust us, the shades are just as glam too! the precious glamour glitz up palette is limited edition and won't be around for too long so snatch it whilst you can @valentiinapzz juicy, plump lips are always in get a fuller, plumper, and smoother pout from the very first swipe with our lip injection lip gloss. available in 16 shades @ultabeauty! she's the whole sunday brunch @stenss in weekend vibes lip gloss duo the dream lengths team! is one your new year's resolutions to grow long, healthy hair? discover our dream lengths collection that will help you protect your hair and reinforce length. here's your starter pack: dream lengths hair shampoo dream lengths 8 second wonder water dream lengths hair frizz killer serum if you could only apply one for the rest of your life, what would it be? bronzer or contour? last day to take 30 off everything morphe on morphe.com w code take30 morphe stores! the wonders of water! what's the difference between the before and after photo? 8 seconds! thanks to our breakthrough lamellar water technology, our dream lengths wonder water transforms your dry, damaged hair to silky, smooth healthy hair with a weightless feel. so gorgeous our mint melt lip plumping glosses have a high-shine finish and add hydration to the lips with a plumping effect and a vanilla mint scent tap to shop for $4 life isn’t perfect, but @dianaboscan’s are! she uses brow microfilling pen in shade light brown to create texture and definition! get lit like fireworks with the new lunar new year: 2021 edit, a wealth of reds, golds and smokey tones in a full range of finishes matte, shimmer and pressed glitter all for just @namglam is a 90s masterpiece the essentials: in 04 base in grease last day to grab anything morphe for 30 off w code take30 at checkout stores! are you all about dewy or matte skin? last day to take 30 off everything morphe on morphe.com w code take30 at checkout morphe stores! mattifying continuous setting mist instantly sets liquid or powder makeup to a smooth and matte finish for up to 12 hours luminous setting spray hydrates and seals in moisture for up to 16 hours @millionfacetsmakeup highlights her fierce eye with killer brows blush highlighter a match made in heaven otherwise known as megaglo blushlighter get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com friendly reminder to not go to sleep with your makeup on remove all traces of makeup with our nourishing hangover wash the day away gentle foaming cleanser. drop all the blue emojis for @nyatemple's flawless artistry last day to grab anything morphe for 30 off w code take30 at checkout stores! have you ever seen anything cuter?! get any 3 mini products for only $30 today only on benefitcosmetics.com! have you tried oil cleansing? follow the steps below featuring our holy hydration! makeup melting cleansing balm for your cleanest skin yet 1. scoop out a dime-sized amount of product with the included spatula and massage onto dry skin 2. moisten fingertips and continue to massage into the skin using circular motions. for makeup removal, apply all over carefully ensuring eyes are closed. 3. rinse with water or remove with a warm damp cleansing cloth. pro tip: double cleanse for that extra clean feel with our holy hydration! daily cleanser tap to shop for $10! garnet for january is bringing that big. bling. energy. who's trying out this compact bb?! i have decided to stick with love. hate is too great a burden to bear. martin luther king, jr. from @themarcjacobs color and care! 8 stunning shades of our nourishing hydra lipsticks with sheer color are waiting for you. left arm top to bottom:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°40 nature oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°46 relaxing oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°20 rose oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ right arm top to bottom:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°10 berry oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°6 precious oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°2 charming oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @andreasreiterfotografie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ all it takes is 8 seconds! start your hair transformation today with our dream lengths wonder water. it's the 1st and best liquid conditioner out there! it instantly smoothens hair fibers and hair is 10x smoother and shinier. tip tuesday @fionalikestoblog is an author and freelance writer with work published in ipaper, grazia, happiful magazine and huffington post. her most recent book out of office: ditch the 9-5 and be your own boss is a guide to freelancing. here’s her top tips for looking after your mental health whilst working from home. champion change with us join the conversation! share your stories tagging @makeuprevolution revamp your hair! it's time to take your haircare routine to the next level! our dream lengths wonder water is suitable for all hair textures. it's perfect to use in-between hair appointments to get shiny, silky hair. follow these steps: distribute in a zig-zag motion massage for 8 seconds rinse thoroughly did you see we have new makeup sets on revolutionbeauty.com?⁣ the makeup revolution colour burst set is guaranteed to lift your mood and bring colour into your life swipe to see a preview what time is it? it's me-time. swipe left to see our home spa favorites. products shown: perfect teint concealer lip scrub multi-active lip balm anti pollution spray lash brow power serum perfect teint foundation wonder skin primer image credits: @jojadasdiary a splash of moisture! if you have 8 seconds to spare today, go the wonder water way! enjoy a real hair transformation in the comfort of your own home. its extra-thin lamellas, resurfaces hair making it 10x times smoother and shinier. like an original piece of art, @aerin’s rose de grasse is meticulously crafted with an artisanal attention to detail. notes of rose centifolia, rose otto bulgarian, and rose absolute exudes feminine elegance and grace. tap to shop. get a satiny, smooth, filtered finish from the new light shifter finishing veil. sheer coverage in flexible shades that work on a range of skin tones. happy from putty blush in bora bora we are obsessed with these cream-to-powder, semi-matte finish blushes that we infused with argan oil and vitamin e for a boost of hydration tap to shop for $6! cult favorite. bestseller. must-have. call it what you want, this is the original loose mineral makeup. our formula uses mineral-based pigments to achieve natural-looking color and coverage with a luminous glow. @nocibefrance warning: perfect brows ahead @trevor.j.barrett gets these gorgeous using 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel and goof proof eyebrow pencil 2.5 neutral blonde! sexy, spicy, and on fire drop a below if you've tried our cinnamon-scented light my fire mini palette! take your lashes to the next dimension with the revolution 5d extreme extension mascara. dubbed as our best mascara yet, this game-changing mascara helps achieve instant length, lift, definition, stretch and volume in as little as just one swipe.⁣ :@leannesbeautyblog light shifter dewing tint is our new tinted moisturizer that provides anti-pollution protection. light shifter dewing tint is formulated with antioxidant vitamin e to help protect you against environmental damage, including pollution. the incredible @natalieportman is wearing the iconic rouge dior 999 in its original satin finish. rouge dior satin 999 dior created custom vegan accessories specifically for this rouge dior campaign. real results in real-time! meet the real novelty of hair care, dream lengths wonder water. here's everything you need to know about it: 1st ever liquid conditioner 8s hair transformation includes lamellar technology instantly smoothens the hair fibers hair is 10x smoother and shinier be bold with blitz coin—our bronzed copper just one swipe of this bright metallic shade will give a shiny, fresh take on the classic cat eye. raise of hands if you have the palette major news alert our first ever collab with you--the most amazing and sweetest beauty community in the world! we've never done this before, we remade one of our best selling products and made it better because of everything you told us you wanted. head to youtube to hear about our latest reveal let me know what you think, my loves! new year, new brows! what shade of should you be wearing? your personalized shade match is just a dm away. dm @benefitshadefinder with an unfiltered photo of yourself in natural lighting with your hair clearly visible. brow experts are online from 8:00am-7:00pm pst, today only. get matched now! @benefitshadefinder soft glam spectacular from @che.mosley! she's getting that definition and glow with megaglo blushlighter in i met someone get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com she's hot like a firecracker currently obsessing over @xixiyang's looks in our limited edition lunar new year: 2021 edit this by @amykatrianne is sub-lime recreate this graphic liner look with our epic ink liner did you know that 75 of the aging process is in your control? our face serum reduces the look of multiple signs of aging caused by the environmental assaults of modern life. tap to shop join drop all the emojis that describes this slayage from @lipsticknick on @iluvsarahii oh so gorg @dupethat in garnet for january 7 color shadow palette the 5d lash mascara passed the vibe check the results on @charlottehyattwillis are absolutely stunning! someone who needs this! gorg @the.hannahjensen perfects her look using our kitty likes to scratch palette, killer liner shade killer black, peach bloom lip balm shade lilac nude, peach bloom lip cheek tint shade peach glow, and better than sex lashes style natural flirt! may the wings of your liner always be sharp may the wings of your liner always be sharp quench your hair's thirst! drizzle your hair down with the 1st ever liquid conditioner, dream lengths wonder water! it's the fastest transformation you'll ever experience. what do you most about this product? take some time for yourself in the morning with @christineleeee's skincare routine. we her hack of using poreless clay cleanser as both a mask and cleanser. watch for more! who else is loving this color combo from our 6-piece brush set? if you practically live at the salon because you just love that daring extreme blonde look like @emmahouv then this routine with is for you! enriched with high and low weight hyaluronic acid, cicaextreme offers extreme care with a lightweight fiber feeling to recover from post-bleach sensitization. watch emma’s at home routine to deeply care for her blonde and keep brassy tones neutralized: 1. start by bathing the hair with the frictionless shampoo-in-cream, le bain cicaextreme to gently cleanse your scalp and reveal softer and shinier hair. add water to let it foam and rinse. tip: once a week, wash your hair with bain ultra-violet to get rid of brassiness and cool down your blonde. 2. for a deeper restorative care, use masque cicaextreme at every wash to increase resilience and reduce breakage. leave-in for 5 minutes and rinse. 3. before blow-dry, use huile cicaextreme to make your blonde 6x shinier and protect your hair against heat up to 230 degrees. 4. finish with another pump of huile cicaextreme on your dry hair to instantly seal cuticles and make your blonde 91 stronger. et voilà! stay tuned as we’ll post the before and after tomorrow dare to be the blonde you want to be with the new blond absolu cicaextreme! our favorite products for a mask-proof look with @nobswithanna start by applying camo cc cream and 16hr camo concealer with our complexion duo brush for a long-lasting base, use putty blush to add a color to the cheeks, apply liquid matte lipstick for no-transer lip color and always finish off your look with stay all night setting mist to locks on makeup for up to 16 hours of wear tap to shop these mask-proof essentials our lunar new year: 2021 edit campaign with @xixiyang was an extra special one to ring in the year of the ox and bring this collection to life, we worked with an entirely asian-american crew! big thanks to the whole glam squad: photo: @dorianqd photo: @rtranphoto mua: @dianashin hair: @ayanojhair @rowisingh is goals with this electric she uses our epic ink liner to slay sharp and precise lines you deserve a mist as fine as you! our new super setter’s mess-free applicator mists on an even, featherlight cloud no drops, spots or stickiness involved! tag a you'd give these flowers to inspired by @milliebobbybrown tag a you'd give these flowers to inspired by @milliebobbybrown seamless. buildable. blendable. no matter how you wear it, the formula of our pressed highlighter blends pearl pigment with liquid for an ultra-buttery texture, giving you your most natural luminous glow. shown above in our best-selling shade, champagne pop, at @sephora @sephoracanada. let’s talk about that vegan life makeup w @oohweeeg @queenofgreen!!! who else loses track of time when masking? restart ingredients: french pink clay minimizes the appearance of pores and exfoliates without drying skin willow bark extract deep cleanses and detoxifies by absorbing impurities and excess oil aromatic lavender helps to soothe skin aloe vera keeps skin feeling fresh and soft formulated without parabens, sodium lauryl sulfate, phthalates, mineral oil, and formaldehydes closed we're treating 5 lucky beauties to our pr box! wanna score our new cruelty free vegan faves? here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:30 pm pt on january 19, 2021 and ends at 3:30 pm pt on january 20, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. ok liners, now let’s get in formation you can't go wrong with these 36-hour, waterproof killer liners that glide on for ultra-smooth, razor-sharp lines! volume on save this post for l8r to re-create @mikaylajmakeup's mermaid inspired look using the entire collection get that luminous glow in just a click our flawless brightening concealer conceals uneven skin tones and under eye shadows with a buildable, lightweight formula and skin-loving ingredients including hyaluronic acid and vitamin c apply it on top of your favorite camo concealer to add brightness and luminosity tap to shop for $5 looks like you've got money, honey! gift this deluxe vegan palette to a loved one or yourself to show some majorrr luck in the new year being a wild one just got better! sign up at https:www.wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways to receive our email newsletter full of product deals and new releases and be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners announced every monday. use the “follow” buttons on https:www.wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways to receive additional entries! mirror, mirror on the wall, which brow product is your favorite of them all? ps. looking for your brow shade? dm @benefitshadefinder an unfiltered photo of yourself in natural lighting with your hair clearly visible. brow experts are online from 8:00am-7:00pm pst, today only! having a color playday with your makeup is the ultimate if you’re looking to have some fun with your eye makeup, why not add a little colorful glitz to your lids with our brilliant eyes shimmer liquid eyeshadows? blend, build or mix and match shades for endless fun looks. who’s ready to go a little bolder and embrace a dash of shimmer and shine for 2021? as seen in @cosmopolitan link in bio! collection available in the us only tiffany @illuminarty creates one of her favourite looks and talks about her mental health journey champion change with us and join the conversation by tagging @makeuprevolution after and before create this soft and rosy makeup look with only a few products. see the difference by swiping left. products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink perfect color lipstick n°955 frosted rose image credits: @natascha.lindemann new launch lock your look in place with the revolution superfix misting spray. the holding power of this weightless setting mist is perfect for use with your favourite liquid, matte or powder based base products.⁣ now for £10 €10.99 $12⁣ tap the link in bio to shop ask the stars the l’oréal paris brilliant eyes liquid shadows are bold enough to carry your whole look! let’s find your perfect shade using your zodiac sign. astrologist @jakesastrology helps us break down each sign’s ideal color match! this one is for all the beautiful fire and earth signs out there: aries leo sagittarius taurus virgo capricorn as seen in @cosmopolitan link in bio! collection available in the us only love a swatch breakdown? so do we! meet our 12 shimmering shades of brilliant eyes shimmer liquid eyeshadows. we are truly obsessed with these creamy, pigmented, and luminous colors. comment your favorite as seen in @cosmopolitan link in bio collection available in the us only the secret to soft, healthy and shiny blonde hair? the range! the new blond absolu allows you to mix and match products with your current routine for a personalized care that supports your bright look and bold spirit! the before and after picture speaks for itself! with the ultra-caring actives at the heart of its formula, blond absolu will keep your blonde tresses in great condition at all times! find your at-home routine at www.kerastase.com a tinted moisturizer that’s packed with the same ingredients as your skincare. new light shifter dewing tint is infused with crystallized licorice and green tea, with hyaluronic acid to instantly moisturize skin. shop the new collection at @ultabeauty now. everyone should have shimmery eyeshadow in their makeup collection our brilliant eyes shimmer liquid eyeshadows are a no brainer! this creamy, highly pigmented formula brings you a multidimensional eye look in seconds. not to mention it’s super lightweight, non-greasy, and lasts up to 16hrs! perfect for any daytime to nighttime look. as seen in @cosmopolitan link in bio! collection available in the us only your makeup isn't going anywhere after you have applied your base products, hold the revolution superfix misting spray 10cm away from your face and spray the light mist to hold product in place. shahira from team revolution is showing us how it's done rouge is a true statement, says @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. fill in the blank: i always keep my hangover pillow balm purse⁣ bedside⁣ desk⁣ bathroom⁣ all of the above⁣ replenish your lips wherever you go! shop our hangover pillow balm @sephoracanada. your vanity isn't complete without your favorite shade of lipstick. what's one of our favs? lipstick in shade 450 insolent plum. want to know what it looks like on? click the link in our bio to try shades on virtually! gimme that glowww @glambyylea makeup brushes unite! we would be lost without our essential brushes... get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com line your eyes like the precise strokes of a calligrapher with true black lunar new year: 2021 edit liquid eyeliner when the superfix squad gets together lock your look!⁣ this revolution superfix misting spray gives you an ultra-matte, shine free look that won’t fade away. infused with beneficial skin soothing aloe vitamin e. tag your friend to let them know your zodiac sign will let you know the l’oréal paris brilliant eyes liquid shadows are exactly what you need for a kick of confidence. but which one of the gorgeous colors should you choose? astrologist @jakesastrology helps us break down each sign’s ideal color match, and now it’s time to find the perfect shade for all the gorgeous air and water signs out there! gemini libra aquarius cancer scorpio pisces as seen in @cosmopolitan link in bio! collection available in the us only the perfect range of modern nudes to take your glam from day to night. tag a bff who needs our born this way eye shadow palette! @needsandmoods what's your favorite shade from the the amazing @trendmood1 captured this babe in the best light “i may be the first to do many things make sure i’m not the last.” vice president kamala harris this is a history-making moment: nearly half of president biden’s cabinet picks are women—more than any administration ever. swipe through the album to meet some of the incredible women poised to serve in the us government discover the different finishes of the new light shifter collection: light shifter dewing tint is a tinted moisturizer for a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. @elsyguevara giving us those watermelon sugar vibes who’s totally obsessed with collecting new eyeshadows? our brilliant eyes shimmer liquid eyeshadows are sure to be your next obsession. these 12 high impact, high shimmer colors last all day long. and, the best part is…you can customize your brilliant lid look by blending, pairing shades, building intensity, or just wearing your favorite shade alone. the possibilities are endless! as seen in @cosmopolitan link in bio! collection available in the us only describe @itsbybrandon cyber punk look in 3 emojis only brought perfection using: palette eye brush set @dragunbeauty transformation powder @dragunbeauty dragunwing liner continuous setting mist in slayage lip gloss in jupiter look inspired by @lipsticknick we'll take one of each please products top to bottom: sheer slick lipstick ride or die lip balm lip lacquer srsly satin lipstick hydrating core lip shine tap to shop these e.l.f.ing amazing lip products what is your favorite row from the @espacomaquiagem in the mood for something smooth each one of our primers blurs the appearance of pores for a super smooth look lasting wear! @cultbeauty if you could wear one type of eyeshadow, what would it be? glitter matte shimmer silk slip toppers metallics @miriammelonn shoutout to @trevor.j.barrett for showing us how to slay this look! comment your fave part of this glam via emoji.⁣ that's my jam mini palette⁣ peach bloom lip cheek tint shade peach glow⁣ peach bloom lip balm shade peach punch⁣ killer liner shade cashmere⁣ better than sex lashes style doll lashes⁣ who is here for all that dewy skin? @badhabitbeauty's dewd hemp nourishing facial oil has got you covered with ultra-nourishing botanicals for dewy, healthy-looking skin: hemp and moringa seed oil deeply moisturize adaptogens relieve stressed-out skin lavender and geranium essential oils soothe your senses we've got @corinaceren showing us how to make people stop stare: mega last matte in stoplight red get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com show them who's bo$$ in lunar new year: 2021 edit faux mink lashes available in two varieties: dynasty diva: light, feathery style for a natural with an oomph effect the empress: extra-thick style for an all-around full and eye-opening look both are reusable up to 15x and only $10 each! @meicrosoft has feeling blue what's your go-to single eyeshadow? sunset eyes @styledbyale defines her using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown! let paradise come to you! if you haven't already... it's time to get your hands on our lash paradise mascara! why? it's enriched with luscious castor oil that’ll give you intense volume and spectacular length with a feather-soft feel. a few days ago i was putting on makeup and before i finished i was already frustrated. when i saw the final result, i felt very disappointed, it was not what i had in mind, so i left it the way it was, and simply removed my makeup today i looked at the photos and i really liked them, there were certain things i don't like, but if i put it on a scale, there is more that i like than what i don't what i am trying to say is the inconveniences we have to face along the way can affect our perspective so much that we stop enjoying what we love so much @bysthephany⁣ great story and anecdote from @bysthephany on staying true to our passions and not being hard on ourselves! we have all been there original:⁣ hace unos cuantos días atrás me maquillé, pero tuve varios inconvenientes y antes de terminar ya me sentía frustrada, y al ver el resultado final, me sentí muy decepcionada, no era lo que tenía pensado, así que lo deje así, y simplemente me desmaquille hoy me topé con las fotos, y realmente me gustaron, tiene ciertos detalles, pero si lo coloco en una balanza es más lo que me gusta que lo que no después de todo esto ¿que es lo que trato de decir? los inconvenientes que tenemos en el camino, pueden afectar tanto nuestra perspectiva, que dejamos de disfrutar aquello que tanto amamos it's a year since we launched our conceal define infinite longwear concealer! the product that you asked us for, and we made it happen full 60 shades available in conceal define infinite now!⁣ 20 more pigment 20 more coverage stretchable breathable creaseproof cakeless formula infused with blemish-busting pore-refining niacinamide 16 hour wear doe-foot applicator silky, soft, and smooth indulge in a moment of luxury and gently apply ultimate lift regenerating youth creme on your skin for waves of hydration and radiance. tap to shop! it’s conceal define, but longwear! @lenkalul conceals c4 contours c10 with our all conceal define infinite longwear concealers 20 more pigment 20 more coverage stretchable breathable creaseproof cakeless formula infused with blemish-busting pore-refining niacinamide 16 hour wear doe-foot applicator cruelty free vegan available in 60 shades full 60 shades available in conceal define infinite now! get the height you've always wanted with our high on lash eyelash curler trust us, you'll be anything but afraid of these heights get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com sheer. dewy. luminous. light shifter dewing tint is our new tinted moisturizer with weightless coverage and a gel balm texture that cocoons skin. shop the collection now at sephora, ulta and beccacosmetics.com in need of a glow up? our gentle peeling exfoliant works to shed layers of dry skin buildup and restore a radiant complexion with tangerine, papaya and licorice extracts tap to shop for $10 chanel 08 pirate major v-day vibes with this palette get ready to swoon over the 8 sexy shades in our newest mini palette, be my lover. check out this palette and all of our valentine faves in our love shop on toofaced.com! super setter facts 16-hour makeup wear instant pore-blurring effect soft-focus mattifying finish superfine mist drops, spots, splashes alcohol, dryness any questions about our new setting spray!? ask us in the comments! available in 60 shades now conceal define infinite longwear concealer with 16 hours wear, our longwear concealer will last as long as you do which 10-pan morphe x @jaclynhill palette is your fave? ring the alarm dark magic armed gorgeous bling boss @anna.kuruch our iconic lash paradise mascara is back and better! it still promises the same intense volume but with a gentle, refreshing touch that's suitable even for sensitive eyes. how to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get the iconic 999 red lips? dior contour 999 rouge dior satin 999 @haileybieber’s favorite way to apply new original liquid mineral foundation? with her fingertips. the warmth helps it melt into the skin for a natural, luminous finish that feels light-as-air. chanel 167 ballerina new drop alert meet bright maker primer infused with papaya extract, this peach-tinted primer delivers instant and all-day brighter looking skin while improving and extending makeup wear available online at nyxcosmetics.com live your best and most prosperous life with these unbelievably pigmented swatches restart detox face mask visibly minimizes the appearance of pores exfoliates w out drying skin? leave a if you've experienced instant results @velabeauty does winter weather have your skin feeling dull? ignite liquified light highlighter adds an all-over pearlized glow to your skin with a transfer-resistant formula that moisturizes all day, in 5 shades for all skin tones. which is your favorite? drop an emoji in the comments to let us know. creativity passion strength gratitude acceptance to the which morphe og palette is your fave? @espacomaquiagem take your time and focus on your eyelashes today. get dreamily beautiful eyes with the angel eyes mascara for the ultimate eye-opening effect. is this mascara already part of your beauty collection? a lil makeup tutorial to brighten your day pro artist @xoivettea slays brighter looking skin with the help of our new bright maker primer she layers on our new total control pro drop foundation for an effortless, smooth finish say it with us: back in stock plump your skin with moisture, improve texture minimize the appearance of pores with our superstar plump prime serum! did you get our reminder? new conceal define infinite longwear concealer comes in sixty shades @zekerah is loving the demi-matte finish zekerah uses shade c13.5 shade c18 for contour products used:⁣ @revolutionskincare hyaluronic essence spray⁣ @revolutionskincare cica cream⁣ revolution x roxi contour highlight palette control how bold you go! the power is in your hands...simply add a few more coats for more intensity! the ultra-soft brush will keep your lashes soft and flake-free anytime and anywhere! extreme care for bleached hair! this gel-in-cream masque deeply strengthens fiber structure to reconstruct post-bleached hair. it intensely hydrates and plumps fiber for a stronger look and feel. hyaluronic acid duo and edelweiss oil at the center of its formula will act in enhancing fiber resilience to prevent future breakage and split ends, making it more manageable and easy to detangle. suitable for over-processed and very sensitized blonde hair, the masque cicaextreme reduces post-bleaching hair porosity and seals open scales for a more uniform healthier fiber. if you dare to go extreme, be ready to have your hair fiber restored, stronger, shinier and deeply smooth from the lengths to ends! would you dare to go extreme? @mikaylajmakeup is glowing wearing our jelly pop dew primer back in stock! as a base to grip makeup and hydrate the skin tap to shop jelly pop dew primer for $10 slaying the day with strong brows @islobodianik used precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 3.5 medium 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel to perfect her look! chanel 763 rhythm capture the mood of illuminating lights after dark with these vibrant hues and festive shimmers with endless payoff ’tis the season for love! check out our valentine’s day collection: an assortment of products that our wild ones love the most get it at wetnwildbeauty.com here's the tea on our new papaya-infused bright maker primer skin instantly looks brighter provides a natural-looking radiance skin instantly looks hydrated and smooth complexion instantly looks more even and perfected instantly provides a smooth canvas for easy makeup application applies easily and evenly with a translucent finish gemsquad babe @its.sarahmae will be taking over our ig live today at 4:00pm pst 7:00 pm est to show off how she rocks garnet for january and to celebrate her bday month take notes @raggedyroyal guides on achieve an everyday cut crease. save this one for l8t filtered finish. flexible shades. formula that nourishes. light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. with vitamin e to nourish, and sheer, flexible shades that work on a range of skin tones. brow down to this meet our entire fam now with some new additions new available in 10 shades helps create definition and shape to your brows with its precision angled tip new available in 10 shades buildable sheer-to-medium coverage that leaves a natural finish available in 10 shades double-ended mechanical pencil fills, defines, and shapes your brows available in 10 shades this silky cream formula layers like a dream for bold strokes or the thickest and fullest of looks this lightweight, translucent formula is your new go-to for taming and setting your ultimate brow look what's your favorite product? our honey dew me up primer is liquid gold infused with honeydew melon extract, this primer creates a smooth makeup canvas with a dewy finish on skin, while creating a smooth canvas for makeup application wear alone, under makeup, or mixed in with your favorite foundation add a lil honey to your routine pro artist @makeupwithivan swipes on our honey dew me up primer for that extra glowy finish shine to the galaxy and beyond with gem on face body jewels in moonbeam. living for these silver holographic stickers in celestial shapes when it's just as good as it looks create a bronze diamond fire radiance like you've never seen with our diamond fire bronzer. it can be used on your eyes, face, and body! find some of our newest launches @ultabeauty have you tried these products yet? tell us in the comments use the to shop! @gutivero what's your brow go-to: pencil? powder? cream? @luisalejandrobeauty is serving us bombshell brows w our arch obsessions brow kit: micro brow pencil brow setting gel in translucent brow cream m158 angle linerspoolie brush highlighter stick in oh brow baby 48 hours only️ get our velvet powder and flawless brightening foundations for 50 off! exclusively available on instagram, benefitcosmetics.com and in benefit boutiques it's the gold flecks for us our honey dew me up primer helps reduce redness and brightens up the skin for a flawless, dewy finish leave a below if you love this primer when the appointment before you decided to add a lip wax last minute @berniesanders mood keep your lips soft and hydrated! apply this beautiful shade of our hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis. image credits: @andreasreiterfotografie⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ cares like no other! our lash paradise mascara ultra-soft brush will coat your lashes with lash-loving ingredients, such as with castor oils rose oils and corn flower extract to keep them feeling soft and flake-free! who's excited to try it? they see me rollin' this doggie has the right idea on friday are you winding down for the weekend too? new launch the revolutionary liquid powder serum has arrived innovative formula that transforms from liquid to powder on your skin! pore blurring technology perfect for our matte babes! a soft matte finish which reduces minimises pores and balances oily skin available now £10€10.99$14⁣ tap the link in bio “no look is complete without the perfect scent” aerin lauder add a touch of brilliance to your wardrobe this winter with @aerin’s amber musk perfect for a quiet evening with loved ones by the fire. our idea of paradise. here's a natural wonder to end your week. the lion imitates no one, follows no rules, imposes its own law. rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel. an unforgettable allure. @riannevanrompaey is wearing rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 257 rouge triomphal. srsly smooth lips with rich color payoff. our best-selling srsly satin lipsticks provide intense pigmentation at an unbelievable value. tap to shop of $3 exactly what we wished for: our cakeless concealer is a full-coverage liquid concealer that hides it all yet feels lightweight and doesn’t cake or settle into fine lines! shahira from team revolution is showing how to apply the innovative liquid-to-powder revolution liquid powder to help create a flawless base for makeup how to use: after your skincare routine, add a few drops of the revolution liquid powder to your skin and blend with your fingers or a light brush. leave to dry for 2 minutes. when the liquid powder is fully dry, apply your foundation or complexion products on top. would you be adding this to your makeup routine? babe @genbthegem has us shook! she perfects her glam with our light my fire palette, better than sex lashes style drama queen, killer liner shades killer chocolate cashmere, peach bloom lip balm shade lilac nude, and peach bloom lip cheek tint shade peach glow. too many lipsticks? never! our mega last matte collection has 13 shades because you deserve options which is your favorite? get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com sensitive eyes this one's for you! designed for sensitive eyes, lash paradise mascara caring formula is not only ophthalmologist-tested so that you can get feather-soft, longer-looking fluttery lashes worry-free! where would you wear the to? @makeupbyjoxlyn @glamxbrit lookin' cheeky in bellini 6 color blush palette how i look at you when i am fill in the blank. we'll the best answers @thebrooksbrother inspired by @lesgubrious @austin.james.smith going into the weekend with good vibes only and good too our face has everything you want and nothing you don’t! tap to learn more and shop the high-performance serum your skin can’t live without! would you look at this pink dream infused with pink clay, the liquid powder serum helps keep your skin looking matte for longer rose extract for skin calming benefits and a gentle rose fragrance. swipe to see the serum which morphe x @mannymua733 shade name describes you? @xxojess pro artist @andreasantiago spills the tea on our newest primers the benefits of multi-priming! bright maker primer marshmellow smoothing primer go behind the scenes at our light shifter campaign shoot and see the collection in action. new light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives you a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. ready to discover the dior men winter 2021 show? dior makeup takes you backstage. stay tuned... we'll be celebrating all year long every one of our 2021 new launches will be vegan plus cruelty-free as always! if hoarding mini palettes is wrong, we don't want to be right travel light with one or all! of our newest mini palettes. drop your fave below via emoji!⁣ light my fire⁣ let's play⁣ that's my jam⁣ kitty likes to scratch⁣ be my lover⁣ shake your palm palms⁣ stays fresh till the last drop! to get the best results, simply comb through your lashes repeatedly by moving back and forth from root to tip for extra-volumised paradise lashes that won’t budge. treat your hair with the same care you provide for your skin! bain cicaextreme is your new blonde best friend! enriched with a powerful combination of hyaluronic acid duo and edelweiss oil, this shampoo-in-cream formula deeply replenishes and restore fiber elasticity, repairing post-bleached hair for a stronger, more resistant, shinier blonde without frizz or split ends! you dare, we care to the extreme! decadently rich, deeply nourishing, exquisitely comforting. ultimate diamond transformative energy creme rich is luxury in a jar. tap to experience a life of your glow is showing. get glowy af makeup looks with these e.l.f. essentials camo cc cream flawless brightening concealer glow, gleam, beam highlighter palette precision airbrush stipple brush lip plumping gloss tap to shop king of complexion @kingkiahh gets this snatched skin with boi-ing cakeless concealer in shades 8 9! closed we've gotchu covered we're treating 1 lucky beauty to some of our fave primers here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pt on january 22, 2021 and ends at 12:30 pm pt on january 23, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. transform in an instant. you've seen it on tik tok, now see it for yourself. under eye brightening corrector is a full coverage corrector that brightens and corrects, neutralizing dark circles to awaken the eye area. back in stock at beccacosmetics.com. where are all the oily babes at? shine killer is infused with charcoal which is known for its oil absorbing properties this mattifying primer controls shine for a matte finish helps prep the skin for a flawless beat tag a who needs to re-create @iluvsarahii's sunset look using mua: @lipsticknick @laura.baumane makes her eyes pop with pigmented pinks from our mimosa palette meet definer brow pencil new to the fam available in 10 shades defines shapes precision angled tip creamy formula pair with micro brow pencil say goodbye to shine with our newly reformulated shine killer infused with charcoal, this mattifies shine and dries down to a translucent finish “do you smell it? that smell, the kind of smelly smell. a smelly smell that smells... smelly what's your favorite quote? @brookeellismakeup crushed this bikini bottom look using the palette statement-making scandalust adds instant style to any look. reach for provocative pops of super-plush pigment with our eye-conic multi-finish eyeshadow palette. tap to shop. sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways excuse us while we fawn over @erikamariepapa's red lips! she's getting that perfectly-lined pout with our perfect pout gel lip liner in red the room get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com for serious plumping junkies only! achieve the plumpest pout ever with our super strength lip injection maximum plump. available @meccamaxima hyaluronic acid is just one of the many skincare ingredients you’ll find in the light shifter collection. with hyaluronic acid to instantly moisturize, the light shifter dewing tint formula provides moisture instantly and over time. inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week we love our e.l.f. community and we wanted to show off some of our favorite looks from this week make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week matte makeup routine w tooba calling all matte makeup queens! pro artist @glamba runs us through her transfer-proof using our matte faves! shine killer can't stop won't stop foundation matte setting spray dream duo for your lips' home spa treatment! start with our lip scrub for soft lips. the natural scrub with fine sugar crystals gently removes dead skin cells from your lips to leave them with a soft, smooth surface. finish your lips with our multi-active lip balm which nourishes and protects lip skin leaving a semi-shiny finish.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the glam recipe! in the mood to get glammed up today? do it the l'oréal way! tell us below, which products you already have in your home. is it... 1 extraordinary oil 2 matte signature eyeliner 3 glow mon amour highlight drops 4 infallible 2-step 24hr lipstick 5 skin paradise spotlight saturday this week, as part of our makeup for mental health month, we are handing the mic over to pieta to highlight their incredible work and the support they offer to those in need. we will also be making a £5,000 donation to pieta to support their amazing services pieta is an irish organisation that provides free counselling to those with suicidal ideation, those engaging in self-harm, and those bereaved by suicide. staff are fully qualified and provide a professional one-to-one therapeutic service. pieta first opened its doors in lucan, county dublin in 2006. since then we have seen and helped over 58,000 people in suicidal distress or engaging in self-harm pieta operates free 247 helpline on 1800 247 247 or you can text help to 51444 @pieta.house mask-proof makeup you say? lock your look in place with the new revolution superfix misting spray! this fixing spray gives you an ultra-matte, shine free look that won’t fade away. shahira from team revolution beauty shows you why it is your must-have product dior models are wearing the new rouge dior lip balm for hydrated and softened lips all day long. try it now! rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural layer a brilliant color pop or lamé shine on top with the eye-conic palette in scandalust, featuring velvety-rich pigment in four fashion finishes. tap to shop. the new rouge dior lip balm is a couture accessory you can bring along with you wherever you go! rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural our saturday roundup! what did we launch last week? liquid powder serum: an innovative formula that transforms from liquid to powder on your skin! pore blurring technology perfect for our matte babes! a soft matte finish which reduces minimises pores and balances oily skin⁣ superfix misting spray: lock your look in place with this weightless setting mist, perfect for use with your favourite liquid, matte or powder based base products⁣ what do you think? comment below! light shifter finishing veil contains light shifting pigments that absorb and reflect light to diffuse and illuminate skin. now at @sephora, @sephoracanada, @ultabeauty and beccacosmetics.com bronzed and ready apply your favorite e.l.f. bronzer with our flawless face brush or pointed powder brush for best application products featured: primer-infused bronzer: these bronzers are smooth and easy to apply with super long-lasting wear bite size face duo: get a cheeky glow with this highlighter and bronzer duo contour palette: sculpt, shade, and brighten with this 4 shade powder contour palette tap to shop e.l.f bronzers and brushes rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel. the power of red. rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 257 rouge triomphal rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 58 rouge vie rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 277 rouge fauve rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 57 rouge feu rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 267 rouge audacieux rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 237 beige ardent rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 247 rouge impulsif rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 227 beige rugissant our new playfully feminine be my lover palette is all about romance love and is wrapped up in a cute fun valentine's day candy conversation heart box! unearth the of with @biancabrandolini and truffle expert, claire martin de forest. travel to the south of france and discover what makes its climate ideal for growing and harvesting our exclusive a key ingredient in our re-nutriv ultimate diamond collection. we're blushing @rosamy13 bellini 6 color blush palette asmr lovers this one's for you! walk like a star, talk like a star and look like star with this soft glow nude look! watch this asmr-style tutorial and follow these 4 easy steps! let's gooo...lights, camera, action! @lenkalul is pink yellow what's your fave color combo? we @damaris.c.stark’s recipe for happy and healthy skin. smoothness hydrating cleansing oil gently washes away makeup and sunscreen without stripping skin of moisture. next, smoothness bare haven soft moisturizer provides all-day hydration. dull, dry winter skin doesn’t stand a chance! for the dior men winter 2021 show, @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, has created a natural look that emphasized luminous clean skin. dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior backstage face body primer 001 universal dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct dior flash luminizer diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural glides on like water our hydra touch primer is infused with centella extract which is known for its hydrating properties this lightweight vegan primer provides all day hydration and a smooth finish woke up and chose facts it’s 2021…let’s pay women, k? k @robbnwa genie: you get 3 makeup wishes us: actually, we're good our setting powder can do it all already! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com there's nothing better than fresh, hydrated skin pro artist @makeupwithivan serves a smooth and supple slay with the help of our hydra touch primer buff, shape and blend to perfection with the new revolution create brush and sponge range don't forget to pick up your brush cleaner too omg @lishalovesmakeup masters the perfect glow in our that's my jam palette, killer liner shade cashmere, peach bloom lip balm shade peach punch, peach bloom lip cheek tint shade peach glow, and better than sex lashes style drama queen! 'for a flawless complexion, @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, has used dior backstage face body foundation on the models. available in a range of 40 shades, find the right one for you matching your skin tone! dior backstage face body foundation @indiarosemakeup is giving us all the signs we need in zodiac 25 color shadow highlighter palette the extraordiness you deserve! nothing comes close to our extraordinary oil! wonder why? it's formulated with 6 flower oils which carry nourishing properties for luxurious shine no flyaways. bye bye dull, lifeless hair bain cicaextreme is a shampoo-in-cream that provides an ultimate bathing experience for sensitized blonde hair. its ultra soft, rich and creamy texture indulges hair in a highly sensorial dense foam, that cleanses without friction while providing intense hydration yet a lightweight fiber feeling. this breakthrough shampoo-in-cream technology intensively moisturizes hair from root to tip, restoring and protecting blonde hair for a stronger and healthier fiber. a uniquely nourishing shampoo that’s great for everyday cleansing, or just once or twice a week if the hair is particularly dry. watch how to apply le bain cicaextreme step by step with @emmahouv a lil saturday asmr ft. our primer lineup marshmellow smoothing primer hydra touch honey dew me up shine killer bright maker eyes you can't look away from. apply light gleam liquid eyeshadow for an effortless, above-the-mask look. shown here in red star. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended liquid shadow for multiple looks. “in the name of the moon, i'll punish you!” raise of hands if you watched growing up! @makeupbyycourt brought justice w luna using: @plouisemakeupacademy x @mmmmitchell acid reign paint in blank canvas morphe x @maddieziegler wondertint cheek lip mousse in “wish” inspired by @acatwith2heads ready to walk the dior men winter 2021 show! dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior backstage face body primer 001 universal dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct dior flash luminizer diorshow brow styler diorshow pump’n’brow rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural you don't understand... we're obsessed with putty apply putty products with our putty primer applicator or putty blush brush for easy, flawless application! putty blush: a highly pigmented, creamy blush formula that melts into skin for a natural glow poreless putty primer: this skin perfecting primer has a velvety texture that smooths over imperfections while helping minimize the appearance of pores matte putty primer: this skin perfecting putty primer is infused with kaolin and white charcoal to absorb excess oil for a shine-free finish luminous putty primer: this primer gives a soft, radiant and poreless base for your makeup tap to shop @meicrosoft applies our epic wear liquid liner in 'white' to make this moment pop find the perfect shade of dior forever skin correct for your skin tone, and get the most perfect and luminous complexion like the dior models walking the dior men winter 2021 show! dior forever skin correct rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel. distinctive characteristic: inimitable. @riannevanrompaey is wearing rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 257 rouge triomphal. straight chillin' @mimizrs completes this icy with our og epic ink liner @glowbysoph foxy look lives rent free in our mind tag a babe who loves everything neutral inspired by @alexademie @makeupbyshaniah peaches on peaches on peaches! throw a in the comments if you can spot your fave too faced peachy product! @makeup.just.for.fun how many products are in the jar? drop your guesses in the comment section! our epic wear liner sticks are ready for their close up which waterproof shade is calling your name? @makeup2themaxx our opposites attract palette has both warm and cool shades for the perfect mix of tones have you tried this palette? tell us in the comments? tap to shop for $14 these apres in aspen swatches are serving serious snow bunny realness no filter necessary @highonlifestylee spritzed the porefessional: super setter to lock in her look and get her skin looking poreless! beautiful is an understatement can we just take a minute to appreciate this beauty! this whole look is the epitome of glamour, from the defined curls, to the winged liner and bold chocolate lips. are you going to recreate this look? tell us below! we asked team revolution for their favourite self-care tips. swipe to read what are your top self-care tips? share them in the comments below men's grooming at the dior men winter 2021 show is all about luminous clean skin. get the look of the show! dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior backstage face body primer 001 universal dior backstage face body foundation dior forever skin correct dior flash luminizer diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural sound on to hear @yamayamason first impressions on our new, reformulated luminous matte foundation launching on 125 hudabeauty.com @sydneypurl testing out the revolution laminate brow that’s some serious sculpt and fix in just 2 steps what do you think? it’s all about that base meet luminous matte, our new and improved foundation! reading all your comments, your love and your suggestions, we decided to give this foundation the glow up you asked for! we listened to you guys to give you a formula you and your skin will love! this is the you asked for: fragrance free non comedogenic no transfers non drying 39 beautiful shades super long wear 24 hrs waterproof sweat proof vegan this product is super special in many ways, it’s literally been created by you! as much as i loved the og formula, your opinions matter to me. i’m so grateful to have you, my loves! can’t wait to hear what you think get those selfies ready with luminous matte! launching 25 jan on hudabeauty.com, @sephora @cultbeauty. for dior men winter 2021 show, eyebrows were tied up and structured using diorshow brow styler and then diorshow pump´n’brow. get the look! diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel. the power of colour. rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 57 rouge feu rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 58 rouge vie rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 227 beige rugissant rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 237 beige ardent rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 247 rouge impulsif rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 257 rouge triomphal rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 267 rouge audacieux rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 277 rouge fauve medium coverage natural finish glowing skin @loyalxhighness from the bareminerals team proves new original liquid mineral foundation looks flawless no filters, no retouching. cold weather got you in need of some winter lip rescue? the hydra-light lip care collection was created to smooth, plump, and nourish lips, infused with hyaluronic acid to attract and lock in moisture. hydra-light smoothing lip scrub uses natural sugars to gently exfoliate and smooth lips. hydra-light plumping lip mask is a leave-on lip mask that nourishes and soothes dry lips. hydra-light plumping lip balm nourishes lips with a wash of buildable, light-reflecting colour. @studiopecca available now do you want the laminate brow look with no brow tech needed? get that brow lamination effect at home with our 2-in-1 laminate brow. serious sculpt and staying power in just 2 simple steps create your perfect shape with our hairstroke-effect angled pencil, then laminate set your brows in place with the brow gel brush for a full, brushed up look even on sparse brows these shades were made for @raincornelius products used: mint melt eyeshadow in chocolate mint and mint to be mint melt no budge eyeshadow stick in mint for you mint melt brush trio tap to shop rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel. an unforgettable allure. @riannevanrompaey is wearing rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel 257 rouge triomphal. best way to start the day?! with our blueberry muffin 16 color shadow palette @beautyandthecandy drop a below if you’re dreaming of this haul! brown lips for the win! it's the 90s trend that never went away! go for our infallible 2-step 24hr lipstick in the shade '117 perpetual brown' for a rich, vivid color with high shine that will last all day. which one of your friends would this shade? raise of hands if you own the morphe x @jamescharles artistry palette! @e.mua.ly new new new get ready to experience our iconic better than sex mascara in sexy, limited-edition designs created by the influencers you love! left to right @makeupshayla, @chrisspy, @shanigrimmond, @iluvsarahii, @nahcardoso dressed up the holy-grail of mascaras with signature packaging inspired by their personality passions! get it first on toofaced.com and @ultabeauty! we're feeling this soft-but-still-fierce look by @mua.lydia she's wearing megaglo blushlighter in i met someone and bad bitch lift mascara get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com 1 new message stay tuned tomorrow for the reveal as much as i loved our og formula soooo much and spent so much time developing it, when you guys gave me feedback on ways to make it better, my team and i took soooo many notes! i have to say, you guys were right and after over 40 different versions, we got it sooo good!! i can't wait for you guys to try it because it is literally the best foundation i have tried in my life. thank you for everything you guys shared with me and my team! i love you guys endlessly and love the community products we are co-creating together! thank you!! let us whisk you away to the south of france, home to the black diamond truffle. then bring the south of france home. in every jar of ultimate diamond creme, you will find the precious extract of this ultra-rare truffle. double tap to give this artistry the rec it deserves @aaronstray spooked us w morphe x @jamescharles palette morphe x @nikitadragun palette inspired by @gabxxrielle are you lovin' or 9wpalette which shade of shine loud are you loving? available exclusively online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty coming soon the next revolution x @roxxsaurus collection can you guess what products will be in the collection? @gemsrodri is baked to perfection p.s. our belgian waffle palette is certified conscious beauty at ulta beauty meaning it's always cruelty-free and meets @ultabeauty's clean ingredient sustainable packaging standards have you snagged this tasty and good for you treat yet?! '@peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, used the dior forever skin correct for small touch-ups to even out the complexion on the models. get this natural and luminous look! dior forever skin correct rouge allure velvet le lion de chanel n°257 rouge triomphal. distinctive characteristic: triumphant. deep conditioning treatment is an absolute must for post-bleach care! when our most demanding blondes asked for an even more powerful hair mask, we answered with masque cicaextreme. this deeply restorative treatment takes post-procedural care to the extreme, providing indulgent, ultra-recovering care. enriched with highly concentrated hyaluronic acid duo and edelweiss oil, this luxurious mask reduces further breakage and keeps blonde hair strong and shiny. it’s a great daily indulgence for bleach addicts and a great weekend treat for anyone who needs extra care you dare, we care to the extreme! @hanstluce puts our shine loud high shine lip colors to the test 16 hour lip color, zero color transfer vegan shop them exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty now no fuss, all fluff @whitneykshepherd wears 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel for the perfect everyday feathered brow look! she's glossy @zodieac swatches our shine loud high shine lip color in 'life goals' this vegan formula lippie is ultra-pigmented and doesn't budge, bleed or fade available at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty how i look at my palette fill in your fave morphe palette @glamxbrit it's compliment day. tag a friend below to let them know decked out in rose gold it's never too early to start planning for v-day with our vegan rose romance 12 piece face eye brush set available on @beautybaycom which one describes your dating style? @maquillageitup swatched up matte lipstick in fling warm mauve matte lipstick in tempt rich dusty rose hydrated skin is in clean formulas plus effective ingredients for your best skin yet holy hydration! daily cleanser: a gel-based foaming cleanser that helps wash away excess oil, impurities and makeup holy hydration! face cream: an ingredient-driven moisturizer that helps brighten and even out skin tone, lock in moisture and promote a bouncy complexion holy hydration! eye cream: a rich and nourishing eye cream that reawakens and hydrates your eye area tap to shop @beautybyyasi wears our jumbo eye pencil in 'milk' to brighten up this soft glam double tap for @laaweup being a total smoke show inspired by @jaydeensarah @milk1422 icymi, we just launched some sexy limited-edition designs of our iconic better than sex mascara! it's been dressed up by your fave social superstars, inspired by their passions and personalities. designs shown: @makeupshayla, @chrisspy, and @iluvsarahii available now @ultabeauty! swatch on swatch on swatch @lapetitechicmommy swatches some shades from our shine loud high shine lip color collection which shades are calling your name? complexion perfection our complexion perfection brush kit contains four brushes designed to apply a flawless base brushes included: ultimate blending brush contouring brush flawless concealer brush concealer brush tap to shop the cruelty-free and vegan brush kit for only $15! gorg! @nancycruises wears our kitty likes to scratch palette, killer liner shade killer black, peach blossom lip balm shade lilac nude, peach bloom lip cheek tint shade peach glow, and better than sex lashes style drama queen! minis are life, am i right!? nude and glossy lips the tiny glitter particles inside our glamour gloss n°55 reflect the light intensely, give a magnificient shimmer to the lips and let them appear fuller! image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @laragilles⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @alinafaceart⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @sophiebujaa⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ introduces our new innovative hair color service we have combined our hair color expertise with our innovative technology, modiface, to provide you the best-in-class hair color diagnosis experience. in just a few questions you will find the brand and shades that fit your wishes and expectations. and better yet you can try it on right away online! show us your experience by tagging us with link in bio come backstage with dior makeup following @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, and the dior models showing you around. monday pick-me-up: self-care skincare! we love ending the day with serum, supercharged eye complex, and moisturizer and we’re pretty sure you will too. tap to shop! new launch alert! say goodbye to tired, puffy eyes with the @revolutionskincare gold eye hydrogel hydrating eye patches a skincare staple to help fake a full night’s sleep these luxe hydrogel eye patches are infused with vegan collagen and colloidal gold to help lift and firm the appearance of the delicate eye area we’ve also added a powerful moisturising complex of glycerin, allantoin, algae extract, and hyaluronic acid that work together to draw and bind moisture into the skin cruelty free, vegan fragrance free⁣ available now £15€16.99$20 the cold months at the beginning of the year are perfect to prep and prime your skin. pamper your face with our wonder skin primer to bring your skin to perfection. start to use our lash brow power serum regularly to get fuller lashes and brows. with our lip scrub and multi-active lip balm your lips get the care they need in this dry and cold time. finish your lips with our hydra care lipsticks for a natural look. sneakpeak from backstage where the dior models are getting ready for the show! the new @revolutionskincare gold eye hydrogel hydrating eye patches contain mini tweezers and all you need to do is gently apply and leave for 10 minutes on your under-eye area the gold patches work hard to deliver intense cooling hydration, leaving your eye area looking positively glowing and refreshed even if you don’t quite feel it on the inside not to mention, they are highly instagrammable, so be sure to tag us in your selfies! cruelty free, vegan fragrance free new year, new scent! these @aerin best-sellers are sure to add floral flair to your fragrance wardrobe tap to shop favorites like mediterranean honeysuckle, amber musk, and rose de grasse for a showstopping scent to celebrate the new year! the basis for our valentine's day collection is the products you love! from lip gloss to blush to mascara, you can gift some of our most tried and true products, perfectly packaged for your valentine get it at wetnwildbeauty.com level up your lashes and brows with our new enhancing lash brow serum this conditioning and enhancing serum is packed with powerful ingredients like antioxidants, amino acids and vitamins to assist in conditioning the lashes and brows tap to shop for $8 extra hydration, plus favorites, add up to a natural glam look we're doing for all of this week's meetings. available now! meet your next flawless finish with the revolution conceal define powder foundation discover this creamy lightweight, medium coverage and buildable foundation available in 31 shades, including 30 skin true shades plus translucent, designed to suit every skin type and skin tone we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. light shifter dewing tint is our new tinted moisturizer that provides blue light protection. light shifter dewing tint is formulated with antioxidant vitamin e to help protect against environmental damage, including blue light. when we say give ‘em lip, this is what we mean @sephora love the look but hate the needles? the new @toofaced lip injection lip gloss and lip injection maximum plump have got you covered—they’ll visually smooth and plump your lips to tingly perfection you know our hair color brands, but do you know which one is best for you? whether you want to cover the first greys, have the glossiest hair ever, want to make a statement, or something completely different, we are ready to guide you and find your match! try the first-ever developed personalized hair color diagnosis service to help you find the perfect brand and recommended shades that fit your expectations. we would love to see you try it on! show us your result by tagging us with link in bio meet brow powder new to the fam available in 10 shades velvety-smooth powder sheer-to-medium coverage natural finish plays well with micro brow pencil for extra definition iykyk... just dropped introducing our new x @princessnokia lip kit collection choose from 4 poppin' lip kits that include a slim lip pencil shine loud high shine lip color handpicked by princess herself cafe con leche, y2k hottie, miss thing sweet nothings available online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty store now on 131 at ulta.com what would you name this eye look on @glowbysoph recreation of @samanthalmua makeup on @dualipa steps to natural-looking brows by @iamkittens: grab draw in tiny hairs in natural direction of hair growth where hair is sparse brush through brows and set in place with an oldie but goodie og travel series bb beautiful in barcelona 16 color shadow palette @rachellekathleen who has the entire morphe x @maddieziegler collection?? bye bye dry lips our multi-active lip balm is your companion in this dry and cold season! little hint: for every order of our mutli-active lip balm in our online shop you will get a lip scrub for free with the code softlips valid from january 25th, 2021 till february 28th, 2021.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the revolution conceal define powder foundation, a finely milled, non-drying and comfortable formula that leaves a no-flashback finish creamy⁣ lightweight⁣ medium coverage⁣ buildable⁣ infused with hyaluronic acid cannabis sativa for an extra comfortable and hydrating wear with a satin finish, making this the perfect powder foundation for oily, dry combination skin look like a just cruising around in our los angeles palette i like that, like this too which @princessnokia lip kit is speaking to you? cafe con leche y2k hottie miss thing sweet nothings shop the limited edition x @princessnokia lip kits online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty stores now on 131 at ulta.com newness alert too faced bff and social superstar @iluvsarahii gave our iconic better than sex mascara a makeover in a luxurious gilded marble effect inspired by her passion for interior design! looking for a hair color brand to match your need? no worries, at your hairservice! all you got to do is answer some simple questions, and we will provide our expert recommendations that you can try directly online, with our new hair color diagnosis service. excellence, colorista, magic retouch, préférence, or casting crème gloss? find out now and let us know your match by using do you know the difference between the masque ultra-violet and masque cicaextreme? these two masques are different and complementary! the masque cicaextreme is an intense caring masque developed to condition and strengthen hair post-bleaching procedure! it has no pigments and a rich white cream texture unlike the masque ultra-violet and can be used daily without risk! the masque ultra-violet was developed to neutralize unwanted brassy tones while nourishing the fiber. it has an intense purple color and should be used as often as needed to neutralize these persistent yellow-orange undertones. have you tried the new masque cicaextreme? tell us in the comments down below! be ready for the unveiling of the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection. @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, created a luminous makeup look with eyes delicately emphasized in light gold. stay tuned! dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior forever skin veil dior forever dior forever skin correct dior forever cushion powder 5 couleurs couture 579 jungle diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural inès manai @bleumanet everything is beautiful when you got your x @princessnokia lip kit on line, swipe pucker up your pout with 4 of princess nokia's fave lip combos now at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty stores @makeupbysell looking minty-fresh in the new mint melt collection products used: mint melt cooling face primer, camo cc cream, 16hr camo concealer, mint melt eyeshadow in mint to be, mint melt brush trio, mint melt no budge eyeshadow stick in mint for you, lash it loud mascara and mint melt lip plumping gloss in a hint of mint and mint sprinkle tap to shop! also available exclusively @walmart gold hoops that name chain have you got your x @princessnokia lip kit?! princess nokia wears 'sweet nothings' here cop these limited edition kits at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty stores now on 131 at ulta.com soaring highhh for @evyxo’s full travel series look which x @princessnokia lip kit is your vibe? from lt to rt: cafe con leche, sweet nothings, miss thing, y2k hottie get your limited edition kit at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty stores now on 131 at ulta.com we dare you to spam as many as you can @angelixcorner is a monday mood in: @plouisemakeupacademy rumour base 2 morphe x @nikitadragun palette in “hey lover” inspired by @glammedbylorraine level up for sexy playtime with our let's play mini palette it's packed with 8 fully-charged shades that are so playful and smell like bubble gum! we're taking a look at some of our favorite moments from the last year where you showed us how you if you thought 2020 was big for becca, just wait until you see what we have in store for 2021. @jonnyonthego wears light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow @joyebenspiff wears the becca x barbie ferreira face palette @shayrealbeauty wears ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation the prismatica face palette @iamwileonardallen wears the becca zero no pigment collection @prettyspiffy1wears the becca zero no pigment collection @sumayyah.islam wears pressed highlighter in champagne pop crushing on these eye-conic hues. create lush looks with our fantascene eyeshadow palette, featuring buttery matte velvet, shimmering satin, sparkling silk and metallic lamé. tap to shop. which shade describes your mood? @dupethat mondays made brighter with our the porefessional: pearl primer! our soft-radiance face primer minimizes the look of pores and helps skin look bright, boosted and awake! plays i like him on repeat cop your fave x @princessnokia lip kit at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty stores which kit are you snagging? amp up your lashes with mega volume when you apply our new lash it loud mascara lash it loud mascara has intensely rich pigments that easily coat lashes for a bigger and bolder look and a sleek flexible wand that hug every single lash to amplify, define and add dimension tap to shop for $6 where are you wearing @jamescharles' look next? makeup time with @rileyhubatka for a light, everyday makeup look, she uses: face primer matte bronzer curling mascara super setter at the occasion of the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection, dior makeup unveiled new makeup must-haves for a perfect velvety couture look. discover the new forever primer to blur the complexion, and the forever cushion powder to give a natural finish to the makeup look. dior forever skin veil dior forever cushion powder welcome to the era whether your lashes are straight, sparse or short, air volume mega mascara will take your lashes to new heights! get ready to experience lashes that feel light as air with x10 more volume. did you know that listening to sad music can actually boost your mental health? mental health author @fionalikestoblog is here to tell us more. champion change with us join the conversation! share your stories tagging @makeuprevolution it's the superfix test! superfix you say? let's test it out! keep watching... you will see how this is a total winner! stunning @maureennaudts wearing our luminous matte foundation! thank you for the amazing review beautiful!! repost @maureennaudts i’m so so so excited to share that i was lucky enough to test @hudabeauty ‘s new version of my all time favourite foundation! it lives up to its promise of being extra long lasting life proof! and it gives you a natural matte but softly glowy finish! i didn’t mind the fragrance in the previous one, but i know some of you didn’t like it.. so good news this version is completely fragrance free!! products used: water jelly hydrating primer @hudabeautyshop luminous matte 130g panna cotta liquid matte farah lashes hydrating mist lip contour wifey prom night get a flawless, more natural and bb cream-like coverage with our new and improved luminous matte with water jelly hydrating primer n.y.m.p.h.. it’s waterproof, fragrance-free, super long wear 24hr and no transfer so it’s perfect for every occasion or situation! tag a friend that needs this foundation get this mesmerizing couture look! “a soft and perfect complexion that is even and translucent said @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, with a touch of gold on the eyes, and very natural lips. dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior forever skin veil dior forever dior forever skin correct dior forever cushion powder 5 couleurs couture 579 jungle diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural inès manai @bleumanet with this how to achieve soft-bloom lips in three simple steps: 1. blur the lip line with foundation 2. nourish with color replenish balm 3. blot using new illuminating shine illuminating shine in shade unpredictable 914. the 5️ mascara everyone is talking about! level up your lash game with the new 5d lash mascara the revolution 5d extreme extension mascara has a premium jet black formulation which is italian-made and has taken over two-years to develop, ensuring that it rivals mascaras that cost 3-times the price want @haileybieber’s lit-from-within glow? new original liquid mineral foundation leaves skin flawless and naturally luminous. we are in love hydrating core lip shine is a 2-in-1 melting lip balm that gives the lips a sheer tint of color and has an inner heart-shaped core infused with vitamin e for lip nourishment tap to shop for $6 she's so stunning!! love her @christinaabiola repost @christinaabiola i wanted to put the new luminous matte foundation 560r ganache to the test! so i did my makeup outside in 87 degree weather and i am so shook at how it came out! luscious lips brought to you by high-shine lip color in strawberry lingerie @sosodoesmakeup get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com complexion goals @mariamakeups conceals to perfection using our born this way super coverage concealer in shade almond! the whole fam is now available online @sephora. new original liquid mineral foundation comes in 30 shades so everyone can find their perfect fit. i love a good mascara for my day time glam! @anniedrea⁣ the revolution 5d lash mascara is a mainstay in our makeup bags, is it your everyday go-to mascara too? good enough to eat tap the product tag to shop cookie powder highlighter now! @gabrielle.shoots we just love hearing your feedback! here's an honest review from the beautiful @enimsay: naturally my lashes aren’t super long, so i love this for those days when i want to go falsie free! not to mention, i am a sucker for cute packaging. hydra rescue makeup aqua brilliance watery glow primer our ultimate help your makeup glow and apply smoothly for perfectly hydrated skin. tap to shop satiny. smooth. filtered. light shifter finishing veil is our new setting powder that is sheer and buildable, infused with hyaluronic acid, vitamin e, and crystalized licorice. which morphe x @jaclynhill palette do you love? vol. i, ii or both? @emberxtelle @princessnokia is lookin' so fine in our new x princess nokia lip kit in 'miss thing' shop this glossy nude online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty stores pack 'em up before they fly off the shelves lush af @byaliwood in smitten in switzerland 16 color shadow palette how about dreamy rosy lips and a matching eye makeup? swipe left to get inspired of a beautiful eye makeup. products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink perfect color lipstick n°955 frosted rose image credits: @natascha.lindemann is it spring yet? @nyatemple used: morphe x @lisafrank 35b palette @nyatemple inspired by @rowisingh just dropped international superstar @sananas2106 dressed up the prestige mascara in america in the most fashionable luxe alligator design ever! shop this limited-edition better than sex mascara @sephorafrance. transform in an instant. @makeupmagiqueblog uses under eye brightening corrector to brighten, correct, and neutralize dark circles. back in stock on beccacosmetics.com bridgerton fan or not we all have a bridgerton name! tell us yours below seeing is believing! what do you see? a volumised lashes b longer lashes c defined lashes d all of the above take part in our challenge! we want to see your best before and after photos using our air volume mega mascara. psstt, we’ve got the secret to @chelsealouder’s she combines foolproof brow powder 3 medium and ka-brow! eyebrow cream-gel color 4 medium to get these brows! head to your local @walmart because our new mint melt collection is now in stores @lisameow3 going blonde is totally exhilarating, cicaextreme dares you to go extreme! with three new ultra-caring products your hairdresser can offer that high-quality personalized hair care you deserve after each salon visit! follow @hovigetoyanparis, our top parisian hairstylist, performing a professional maintenance blonde care service to deeply nourish and neutralize brassy tones of @emmahouv’s blonde hair! his secret? a freshly mixed fusio dose tailor-made combination of concentré [h.a] ultra violet booster cicafibre. ask your hairdresser yours! giveaway closed! congrats @janaekitkat, @hottie.hartmann, @alejandrinatrujillo! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 3 lucky winners to win a $150 e-gift card to shop everything morphe more on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 12821 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 12921. it's that one swipe pigment for us pro artist @makeupwithivan glides on the x @princessnokia lip kit in 'miss thing' for this ultra glossy, transfer-proof moment check your local @ultabeauty store for availability nyxcosmetics mix it up when in need of an instant refresh! our is to mix one drop of serum with a small amount of stay-in-place foundation for an easy refresh and glow. drinking coffee? eating lunch? wearing your mask? we gotchu with our shine loud high shine lip color pro artist @mainmua wears the shade 'boundary pusher' for this transfer-proof glossy lip cop this shade in the 'miss thing' lip kit from our limited edition x @princessnokia create the ultimate fantascene. mua @michelle.borbolla used the eye-conic multi-finish eyeshadow palette in fantascene on @taylorgreene. photography by: @kendrapaigephoto who loves the shade skip from the @jamescharles palette? line, swipe, and slay with our limited edition x @princessnokia lip kits choose from 4 poppin' lip combos that include our og slim lip pencil paired with a viral shade of shine loud high shine lip color check your local @ultabeauty store for availability info it's officially aquarius season tag your fave aquarius in the comments @frishtag ...when that highlight bling, that can only mean your blush and highlighter are on point get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com looking for some glam inspo for our light my fire mini palette? check out our ig story to watch how our global beauty director, elyse created a look that is straight fire! available @shoppersbeauty! @maicanbeauuutymua slays this glossy nude lip wearing our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'goal crusher' snag this everyday lippe in our 'café con leche' lip kit from the limited edition x @princessnokia collection if you could complete your metamorphosis into any animal, which would it be?? @livingdeadmakeup make a style statement with the eye-conic palette in scandalust. sweep on velvety-rich pigment using our eyeshadow brush trio and top off your look with mascara. hello apres in aspen the newest member of the face palette fam who's tried her out?! the x @princessnokia lip kit in ‘café con leche’ is simply delish cop this limited edition lip kit at @ultabeauty stores while supplies last comment your current favorite song below @elizmmakeup wears our lock on liner and brow cream in medium brown and our 16hr camo concealer in medium beige for this flawless af look tap to shop! the glam squad has arrived! which product above do you need on your team?! hydrate your lips above all in this cold season! our hydra care lipsticks are the perfect mixture of color and care. the middle stripe nourishes your lips while the outer stripes give them sheer color.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect for every day!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ by @colormehappii beautiful illustration about the power of letting go.⁣ share with a friend to show how much you care will you go bare or air? our air volume mega mascara is truly worth celebrating! why? let's hear it straight from uk beauty guru @nikkissecretx it's the perfect everyday mascara, its whipped formula cushiony brush inflates your lashes, up to 10x more volume without them feeling heavy at all. launch day! tired eyes, this is your wakeup call! revolution eye bright illuminating under eye concealer has been specially formulated to target under-eye circles, offering flexible buildable coverage with a max-level hit of vitamin c to actively treat the area as you conceal! available in 15 shades⁣ available now £8€9.99$10 wow! i'm obsessed with this before after! beautiful @joha.xo wearing luminous matte “latte 300n” x mascara the new eye bright illuminating under eye concealer! there is no need for retouching, you can see how this creamy formula blends beautifully for an undetectable finish conceal blemishes⁣ conceal redness⁣ erase under eye bags⁣ brighten⁣ here’s to good luck, good cheer, and good looks in the new year! our and sculpting lipstick in immortal 540 are now available in red packaging so you can this season. happy the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection has been inspired by symbols and colors of the tarot deck referring to monsieur dior's superstitious beliefs. discover the beauty looks of the dior models created by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup! dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior forever skin veil dior forever dior forever skin correct dior forever cushion powder 5 couleurs couture 579 jungle diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural inès manai @bleumanet dab the new eye bright illuminating under eye concealer onto the undereye area and blend! specially formulated to target under-eye circles, offering flexible buildable coverage with a max-level hit of vitamin c to actively treat the area as you conceal! when you know you look flawless @jakobejay stuns in boi-ing cakeless concealer 7 medium warm our bff and beauty influencer @makeupshayla dressed up our iconic better than sex mascara with the sexy lips that made her famous! this limited-edition design is now available at toofaced.com. our plant-based serum helps your brows grow to their fullest potential. have you tried our strength length serum-infused brow gel? @jacimariesmith national artistry ambassador @christianschild created a standout look on @agnessokolowska for using on the eyes? a luxurious blend of the eye-conic palette in frivoluxe, glambition, and cherrific, topped off with in nice and mascara. photography by: @alexschier rg: @christianschild congrats to our winners @juiccy.jas and @karaann1336 we've teamed up with our friends at @lornajaneactive to giveaway a prize pack to help you get active and look amazing in 2021 2 lucky winners will receive: $100 gift card to @elfcosmetics $100 gift card to @lornajaneactive rules: [1] follow @elfcosmtics and @lornajaneactive [2] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends january 29 at 9 a.m. pt. no purchase necessary. the two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. what a beauty! thank you @melachild for giving us creativity and originality! now, it's your turn! we want to see your best air volume mega mascara transformations, don't forget to use the hashtag dreaming of travel... and @inngenue’s minty fresh look created with: lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette apres in aspen 6 color highlighter palette travel series 7 piece face eye brush set with bag say to filter effect soft-focus foundation an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation that delivers a natural finish for healthy-looking skin. available in 40 shades $20usd. hyaluronic acid boosts moisture levels and vitamin e delivers antioxidant protection pore-blurring pigments diffuse the look of imperfections natural, buildable coverage longwearing, sweatproof, and transfer-proof free of oils, fragrances, and parabens luxe formula crafted in italy meet the ultimate pair for seamless, natural-looking coverage: microfiber beauty sponge create a smooth, natural-looking finish with this velvety microfiber sponge. e63 wide angle foundation brush foundation, bronzer, and contour have met their match—this brush can find and blend out every area on your face. launch dates: 131 @ultabeauty 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us we’re joyfully celebrating the with our all around the world. we hope you this year! @yangmimimi912 our new filter-effect foundation, an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation, is seen here on the truly-stunning @makeupshayla @danessamyricks, the mega-talented beauty artist, is the creative director, photographer, and makeup artist for the campaign launch dates: 131 @ultabeauty 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways this smoky eye is courtesy of our giveaway winner @lauradaniela004 using our: dewy foundation, eyeshadow, highlighter, loose powder banana, and cream bronzer call me maple get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com excellent wearing comfort combined with beautiful color and care our hydra lip booster n°40 translucent cryptal bud is an absolute must-have! our pressed highlighter is the key to your most natural, luminous glow, every time. sweep onto the high points of the cheeks, creating a “c” shape as you move up toward the temple and brow bone. pull it all together by brushing a little onto your nose, and your glow is good to go. that flava though princess nokia wears the x @princessnokia lip kit in y2k hottie' for this not so subtle slay she's transfer-proof pigmented af check your local @ultabeauty store for availability info nyxcosmetics get the look of the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection created by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: a luminous look with a touch of gold on the eyes! dior capture totale super potent serum dior capture totale firming and wrinkle-correcting crème dior forever skin veil dior forever dior forever skin correct dior forever cushion powder 5 couleurs couture 579 jungle diorshow brow styler diorshow pump'n'brow rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural inès manai @bleumanet there's nothing wrong with being a bit extra @enjoythemakeup in avocado toast 16 color shadow palette 5 ingredients, 1 iconic foundation. original loose mineral foundation doesn’t have any unnecessary additives, so it cares as it covers for clearer, healthier-looking skin over time. the ultimate long-lasting lippie @princessnokia's secret to keeping her gloss on point is our new shine loud high shine lip color paired with our slim lip pencil ft. here is 'y2k hottie' shop her go-to lip kits in @ultabeauty stores check with your local for availability info rate this glossy lid look from 1 to 10, 10 being the highest makeup details: luminous matte in macchiato 400g hydrating primer mascara @hudabeautyshop hoodie lashes n.y.m.p.h. all over highlighting powder have you tried our peach bloom color blossoming lip cheek tint?! give your look a fresh glow with this lighter-than-air gel blush as shown on global beauty director, elyse! shade shown: guava glow rikki said ‘bye to those bags’ watch to see the results from using the revolution eye bright concealer @rikksss up close and personal! with our air volume mega mascara you decide how bold you want to go! what lash look do you prefer, natural-looking or mega voluminous? show us your volume using the hashtag curly bleached blondes call for serious hydration! textured hair tends to get dry easily, and bleaching only intensifies the effect. keep curly hair soft and moisturized with a rich daily cream shampoo, plus shine-inducing hair oil, and nighttime conditioning. on the weekend, add a purple mask to keep the color true do you have any questions on how to integrate the new cicaextreme into your blond absolu daily routine? ask them in our stories! our uk kerastase educator @camluxhair will answer all questions tomorrow during the qa live! tune in at 5pm central european time tomorrow, thursday 28th! this lip combo is the s.h.i.t pro artist @beccalynzmua swipes lines our x @princessnokia lip kit in 'y2k hottie' for this bold lippie grab it while you can at select @ultabeauty stores the camo family what products should we add to the family next? tell us in the comments camo cc cream: a medium-to-full coverage color correcting foundation with spf 30 16hr camo concealer: a crease-proof liquid concealer with 16-hour full coverage and a matte finish hydrating camo concealer: a long-wear liquid concealer that provides crease-proof, full coverage while hydrating your skin complexion duo brush: a 2-in-1 brush designed for the application of foundation and concealer tap to shop! for a velvety couture look, get a flawless complexion with the dior forever foundation in its matte finish for both coverage and translucency. available in 36 shades, find the perfect one for you! for touch-ups, you can then use dior forever skin correct in your matching shade. dior forever dior forever skin correct dry skin tip: skip the setting powder this winter! opt for super setter instead—it has built-in pore-blurring powders that softly scatter light visibly reduce shine without leaving skin tight or dry! shop super setter at @macys! full-size $32 mini $15 @gabrielle.shoots trying to hunt down our new limited edition x @princessnokia collection? stay tuned for a coming soon babe alert currently obsessing over @xixiyang's looks in our limited edition lunar new year: 2021 edit drop a if you're a forever neutral find more details about our brand new filter effect launch, featuring our campaign director @danessamyricks and launch partner @makeupshayla on @elleusa online. killer brows for under $15?? who's with us build up your brow game with your fave morphe brow essentials for $6 each on morphe.com morphe stores brow down to @makeupemalii using: definer brow pencil in “java” micro brow pencil in “java” brow crush tinted brow gel in “medium brown” this is the year of the ox! dependable, resilient, and loyal sounds just like our pressed powder, included in each collectible compact tap to shop the perfect gift for the ox in your life! nude gloss perfection @jieasa swipes on our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'boundary pusher' for this ultra juicy lippie snag this shade in our limited edition 'miss thing' lip kit from the x @princessnokia collection here kitty kitty bring the heat to your winter glam with our feline-inspired kitty likes to scratch mini palette, full of purrrrfect neutrals! smudge-proof, transfer-proof, and mask-proof? @dannimotilal puts our new shine loud high shine lip color to the test by swatching her faves which shade are you loving? is it cool or warm toned browns for you? @raggedyroyal new holy hydration! eye cream is now available to complete your holy hydration regimen reduce the appearance of dark circles, puffiness and signs of aging with vegan collagen, peptides and hyaluronic acid tap to shop for $10 one last check before we drive through the suburbs with our new driver’s license @savpalacio completes this flawless makeup look using hoola matte bronzer, 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel and gimme brow volumizing eyebrow gel 4 warm deep brown! a new breakthrough in retinol pure retinol is a top dermatologist anti-aging ingredient to fight wrinkles. an external panel of dermatologists validated our derm intensives pure retinol night serum for quality, safety results, stepping up to the most ambitious challenge yet in order to deliver the best in both performance and experience. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. @just.ashaa talks mental health and what it means to her champion change with us and join the conversation by tagging @makeuprevolution the new eye bright illuminating under eye concealer offers flexible buildable coverage with a max-level hit of vitamin c to actively treat the area as you conceal! she’s so stunning! love her!! @khelan.mh wearing luminous matte in shortbread 200b repost @khelan.mh thank you @hudabeauty for letting me be one of the first ones to test the remake of your foundation. as many of you know, i have always been a fan of her foundation- so i couldn’t be happier to announce that, with the help of her community, it has now been reformulated to perfection. repost @thefashionfreakk it’s the coverage for me @hudabeauty new formula is everything!! it feels much lighter then the previous formula, its super blendablebuildable would u try it? bleach-weakened hair needs nourishment throughout the day, as well as a shield to protect it from the elements. huile cicaextreme is instant! get extreme blonde care in this precious concentrated edelweiss oil. our signature glass bottle holds the key to total post-bleach recovery. applied on wet or dry hair, huile cicaextreme seals the cuticles raised during bleaching and reduces split ends, leaving hair 91 stronger and 6x shinier. do you have any questions about cicaextreme? don’t forget to tune in today at 5pm central european time for our live with @camluxhair, our top uk kerastase educator! at the occasion of the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection, discover the new rouge dior balm, which is a must-have for any occasion. whether you want to use it on its own for natural hydrated lips or as a base before applying any lipstick, you will love it! like the dior models, add the new rouge dior balm in your lip routine! rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural want visibly longer lashes and fuller brows? see what @curlyhairedchik has to say about our serum-infused strength length collection! “i'm so happy to see the results that i've gotten after a little over 8 weeks of consistently using strength length serum-infused mascara brow gel. as i've mentioned before, i struggled with scarce, thin hairs along with everyday fallout. but not anymore! this serum is the truth!” @curlyhairedchik at a time when women often dreamed but rarely dared to do, our founder, mrs. estée lauder, came onto the beauty scene. she mixed her first four creams by hand at home in queens, new york, and then stopped at nothing to make her vision a reality. for our 75th anniversary, we’re honoring her legacy and we want to hear your estée story. how has our brand inspired you? which estee lauder product did you fall in love with? tag us @esteelauder, using and and we’ll share our favorite stories. photograph by john peden let's talk facial mists and setting sprays products left to right: stay all night micro-fine setting mist: locks on your makeup for up to 16 hours of wear hydrating coconut mist: a lightweight, hydrating facial mist that moisturizes the skin and refreshes makeup calming facial oil mist: infused with lavender oil and golden chamomile extract to help calm the mind and body dewy coconut setting mist: helps give your makeup lasting power while helping to give the skin a dewy glow which one is your go-to? tell us in the comments tap to shop! dries in 40 seconds. lasts 5 days. the new fast dry af nail color achieves the impossible by finishing fast and lasting forever get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvs @heb and coming soon to wetnwildbeauty.com it started with four creams and a dream. 75 years ago, our founder, mrs. estée lauder, launched her legacy with the belief that every woman had the power to become her best self. decades later, her impact still resonates. in honor of our anniversary, we want to hear your estée story. how has our brand inspired you? how has estée’s influence made an impact in your life? over the next few months, our will be sharing theirs—and we want to hear from you, our community, too! tag us @esteelauder and use and for a chance to be featured.​ it’s time to rethink retinol. forget everything you thought you knew about this holy grail ingredient. we’re about to drop a plant-powered collection that works for everyone. new launch alert introducing your must have bff's to go with the eye bright concealer! create eye bright concealer brush the newest addition to our brush range £6€7.99$8⁣ eye bright setting powder this finely milled pressed powder is perfect for taking away that unwanted shine while still leaving you looking bright and refreshed throughout the day £8€9.99$10⁣ bright base brightening primer the ultimate brightening primer. enriched with vitamin c and brightening orange blossom, this hydrating and brightening primer is the perfect make up base £10€10.99£$14⁣ skin bright makeup serum infused with brightening orange blossom and vitamin c, this ultra-hydrating makeup serum is what you’ve been waiting for £10€10.99£$14⁣ available now! major heart eyes for @gleidylovesmakeup gives us all the valentine feels with her swatches of our be my lover mini eye shadow palette! what's your above-the-mask beauty look? before we mask up, we like to apply our new light shifter collection, then add a little color and light with a few of our favorites. light shifter dewing tint in borealis light shifter finishing veil light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in dusk ignite liquified light highlighter mineral blush in hyacinth ready for some visible results? after 40, we need anti-aging care that works, especially when it comes to deep wrinkles. our derm intensives pure retinol night serum helps visibly reduce wrinkles, even deep ones! shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. striking the pose for dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection. inès manai @bleumanet best. filter. ever. treat your skin to filter-effect foundation for $20 available in 40 shades an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation that delivers a natural finish for healthy-looking skin. launch dates: 131 @ultabeauty 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us i like him, like him too our pro artists swipe on our new x @princessnokia lip kits for a glossy, bold lip moment check your local @ultabeauty stores for availability @iluvsarahii is mint to be w the what do you love to pop off with? all glitter everything that's how we like it @beccalynzmua spills the tea on the new x @princessnokia lip kits our face palettes come w a matte brightener, matte contour, two bronzers, two blushes, and two totally lit highlighter formulas a creamy powder, plus a silk slip topper for $24 if your are looking for a soft makeup look with rosy lips we highly recommend our perfect color lipstick n°955 frosted rose. swipe left to have a closer look at the eyes and lips of this stunning look. products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black perfect color lipstick n°955 frosted rose blusher n°40 crown pink image credits: @natascha.lindemann new bronze level unlocked our iconic hoola matte bronzer comes in 3 sizes mini, full-size jumbo for all the natural warmth you need! @makeupbycaitz has got that below zero glow glowing skin in a few easy steps, @grwrady shows us how using our new eye bright concealer, skin bright brightening makeup serum and eye bright setting powder! our everyday must-have our plump prime serum is your one-stop miracle worker for plumper, bouncier, cheeks over time! available @cultbeauty. have you tried our most potent retinol? our derm intensives pure retinol night serum is powered by our most potent form of retinol, known to be more effective than retinol derivatives. it is formulated to remain potent and effective from the very first drop to the last! shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. our founder, mrs. estée lauder, was ahead of her time in her declaration that “beauty is an attitude.” it’s a motto we keep close to our hearts in everything we do, from researching the latest ingredients and technologies to packaging it all in a case you’re proud to pull out of a makeup bag, or a bottle that earns its spot in your in honor of our 75th anniversary, we want to hear about all the ways the estée lauder brand has impacted your life. post your estée story and tag us @esteelauder, using and and we’ll regram our favorites. thanks for celebrating with us! photograph by victor skrebneski strong and confident woman! here is the beauty statement of the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection: a flawless complexion, golden eyelook and dewy natural lips. inès manai @bleumanet alert everything is beautiful when you're wearing the x @princessnokia lip kit we're treating 2 lucky beauties to the pr lip kit collection that includes all 4 kits here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics @princessnokia like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pt on january 28, 2021 and ends at 12:30 pm pt on january 29, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. the softest brush our precision airbrush stipple is perfect for applying a variety of products like foundation, blush, bronzer and highlighter for buildable, airbrushed coverage tap to shop for $10 we know that what goes into a product matters which is why we're committed to bringing you the best of the best! this year, every single one of our new products will be vegan, extra clean and as always, cruelty-free plus we're doing more to become more sustainable every day neutral glam or smoky eye? choose the eye look of your dreams with the eye-conic palette in glambition. tap to shop. who has the @makeupbyshimi just dropped our newly reformulated total control pro drop foundation the lightweight formula gives skin a natural, healthy-looking finish, while minimizing the appearance of imperfections and keeping skin looking hydrated and looking 100 your skin no sulfates. no preservatives. no mineral oil. no nasties. snag this 100 vegan formula online at nyxcosmetics.com @makeupshayla is f l a w l e s s in our new long-wearing foundation gives you that soft-focus, filter-effect finish that lasts up to 12 hours $20 each save these dates for the best filter ever: 131 @ultabeauty 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us gemsquad alert @katie.artistry reps garnet for january and we’re living for this look review of our new nail color from nail queen @michellehashimi using our clear top coat and heels on the beach! get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvs @heb and coming soon to wetnwildbeauty.com which row would you choose to wear on your next virtual date? our pro artist squad is droppin' it down with our newly reformulated total control pro drop foundation build your coverage from sheer, to medium, or full using the precise and easy-to-use pro dropper no ashiness. no cakeyness. no greasiness. our babe @shanigrimmond dressed up our holy grail better than sex mascara in a limited-edition design inspired by her signature sexy modern nude makeup! get yours now @meccamaxima! that feeling when you add our new total control pro drop foundation to your kit head over to nyxcosmetics.com to virtually try it on and find your perfect shade @honeydewgloss the power of camo 16hr camo concealer gives 16 hours of crease-proof, full coverage with a matte finish and hydrating camo concealer has lightweight full coverage and a smooth, satin finish that lasts all day comment below which camo concealer is your favorite tap to shop for $6! what are you putting to make sure you're video-ready? we've got some ideas... when you need to go fast and last long dries in 40 sec lasts 5 days fast dry af nail color! get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvs @heb and comings soon to wetnwildbeauty.com take your eye look from day to night with bare and bronzed hues from the eye-conic multi-finish eyeshadow palette in glambition. a beauty her @makeupemalii wears in medium brown for a defined look that stays all day! a bestseller for every season- our color booster lip balm is simply amazing! it nourishes your lips perfectly and boosts your own lip color due to its self-coloring pigments, we love it!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ if your setting spray doesn’t mist like this, it’s not the one the refreshing, cloud-like feel of super setter is unlike any other! if you needed a reason to smile today, just look at this young man reminding you to take your mask with you when you go out how can you say no?⁣ proven performance our new derm intensives pure retinol night serum is so effective that in a clinical study, 100 of women showed reduction of wrinkles, even deep ones. see the results by yourself! shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. timeless elegance, powerful femininity and dueling dichotomies. the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection is an ode to strong women! inès manai @bleumanet launch day! the revolution x roxi cosy collection is here!​ “after months of planning and everything 2020 brought with it, i am so excited to introduce you to my latest collection with revolution, the cosy collection! for this collection's packaging i drew inspiration from spending the majority of my time at home in cosy knit jumpers while still wanting to play with glam makeup! everything in the range is intended to work together or individually. i loved working on this with revolution and hope you enjoy all the products as much as i’ve enjoyed creating it! love, roxi”​ @roxxsaurus she’s back with all the cosy vibes you could need! revolution x roxi is back to give us all the warm shades and fluttery eye looks. ​roxi cosy vibes eyeshadow palette £15€15.99$20⁣ ​roxi flutter eyes lashes £8€8.99$10⁣ ​roxi all you need brush set £18€18.99$22⁣ ​roxi ultra precise eyeliner £5€5.99$8⁣ who's collecting every single item? get to know all the secret tips of @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, on how to create the luminous makeup look of the dior spring-summer 2021 haute couture collection. look backstage. natural beauty. model @olaquetal behind-the-scenes before the chanel spring-summer 2021 haute couture show, where girls were given a natural and slightly dewy makeup look to complement the whimsical vibe of the show. to create this effect le correcteur de chanel and ultra le teint compact were applied giving girls a flawless-looking finish. after les beiges poudre belle mine naturelle was dusted onto the hollows of the cheeks using pinceau poudre precision n°107 creating a slight contour. to give a touch of luminosity baume essentiel in transparent was applied high on the cheekbones. get the full look: pinceau duo correcteur rétractable n°105 pinceau illuminateur retractable n°111 stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils stylo yeux waterproof n°20 espresso pinceau duo paupières rétractable n°200 les 4 ombres n°308 clair-obscur pinceau ombreur contour n°203 le crayon levres n°162 nude brun pinceau duo levres n°300 this weekend we'll be taking a mental vacation along the italian coast. care to join us? @morganelay the revolution x roxi cosy vibes eyeshadow palette this cool toned neutral palette is filled with beautiful matte, shimmer and foil shades. sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways simple but effective! our eyelash curler gives your lashes the lift they need without any sticking or pulling. get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we this duo! @mexicanbutjapanese and @platinumpunk wear our sheer slick lipsticks in black cherry and cherry slush. available in 8 shades for $5 on elfcosmetics.com darling kit has launched! @monakattan @kayali hi my loves! i’m so excited to announce that @kayali and @hudabeauty have collaborated again to create our “darling kit”—an amazing kit full of some of our absolute favs products with a savings of 49!! the perfect present for your loved ones this valentine’s day for your bae or your galentine! the “darling kit” contains: our kayali eau de parfum rollerball musk 12 vanilla 28 huda beauty topaz obsessions eyeshadow palette, huda beauty power bullet lipstick in shade interview our beautiful limited edition kayali diamond shaped rose gold bag go to hudabeauty.com get it first! on the weekend agenda? feeling good and looking gorgeous start off the weekend looking glam like @jocelynbiga. with a sultry eyeshadow and perfect nude lip, can look fun, fierce and fabulous tap to shop jocelyn’s using her tfw you finally organize your makeup collection. how often do you organize your makeup?⁣ everyday⁣⁣ once a week⁣⁣ once a month⁣ rarely⁣⁣ we heard you luminous matte better than ever is here! soo excited to finally share it with you after over 40 versions, giving you: natural skin-like finish blendable full coverage smooths textures doesn't crease filter in a bottle this is the you asked for! fragrance free non comedogenic no transfer 8 shade families 39 beautiful shades after test matching everyone using their necks i love the power makeup gives me. its empowering, transformative and i am completely obsessed with it. this foundation serves up realness so you can be who you want to be, and i hope you have as much fun playing with it as i do. look backstage. the essential products used to create the romantic and natural makeup look from the chanel spring-summer 2021 haute couture show. get the look: ultra le teint teint compact haute tenue le correcteur de chanel pinceau duo correcteur rétractable n°105 les beiges poudre belle mine naturelle pinceau poudre precision n°107 baume essentiel transparent pinceau illuminateur retractable n°111 stylo sourcils waterproof le gel sourcils stylo yeux waterproof n°20 espresso pinceau duo paupières rétractable n°200 les 4 ombres n°308 clair-obscur pinceau ombreur contour n°203 le crayon levres n°162 nude brun pinceau duo levres n°300 start your pure retinol night routine! we love to read your feedbacks about the new pure retinol night serum!! how about you try it out for yourself and let us know what you think on lorealparisusa.com? shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. 1 pencil, 3 uses @candylover89 uses precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium for brows, faux freckles, and lip liner! with the 5 couleurs couture palette in the shade 579 jungle, play with a combination of versatile shades to create the most timeless and elegant couture looks! 5 couleurs couture 579 jungle the velvety warmth of @aerin’s amber musk brings a feeling of festivity to even the chilliest evenings. sensual florals, distinctive amber, and creamy musk infuse this fragrant favorite with spirit and glow. tap to shop now. that's movie night in a palette from 'leaves' a deep warm brown, to 'dazzle' a sparkling pink glitter you’ll be ready for a cosy night in or a glamorous evening. leave a if you want this palette! yaaasss @nadjmabeautyy put it to the test!! luminous matte is waterproof @hudabeautyshop products used: foundation: luminous matte „amaretti 320g“ serum: thirst trap juice @wishfulskin powder: easy bake „sugar cookie“ lips: liquid matte lipstick „cheerleader“ @hudabeautyshop are you loving the iconic @danessamyricks artistry of on @makeupshayla? launch dates: 131 @ultabeauty 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us a range of shades to complete any look, because you could always use a little more blush. luminous blush is formulated with pearls of light give cheeks multi-faceted pops of color, in 6 shades. more metallic liquid lipstick plzzz pucker up to these long-lasting lippies for less than $6 on our site all about that base pro artist @mainmua completes this natural beat using: marshmellow smoothing primer marshmellow blender sponge total control pro drop foundation matte setting spray treat your skin to ultra-hydrating hyaluronic acid with a small molecular structure that is easily absorbed, plus vitamin e, a potent antioxidant that protects and deeply nourishes are you ready for $20 launch dates: 131 @ultabeauty 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us swipe to see @ligayaslegit wearing our new original liquid mineral foundation. it has clean, vegan ingredients to improve the appearance of skin even after you take your makeup off. @amiyand is oh so icy in pigment-packed take me back to brazil gotta collect 'em all @ultabeauty your favorite @toofaced better than sex mascara got a glow up. drop a if you won't be able to keep your hands off these five limited-edition designs. serving the softest eye looks achieve roxi’s iconic eye look with the revolution ultra precise eyeliner an ultra-black precision liquid pen eye liner to achieve a glam foxy eye appearance.​⁣ who likes this style of wing eye? marshmallow or sponge? our marshmellow blender sponge is not only cute but is made for precise blending in hard to reach areas gives you streak-free application cop this must-have at @ultabeauty now do you love smokey eye or cut crease? @nyane look backstage. soft and smokey. model @raynaranegrine takes a final pause before heading down the chanel spring-summer 2021 haute couture runway. girls were given a boyish and lived-in look with strong brows and soft smokey eyes for the show makeup. to achieve this look makeup artists brushed up, defined and filled in brows using stylo sourcils waterproof and le gel sourcils. the top lashes were then thinly lined with stylo yeux waterproof in espresso. eyelids and lower lash line were shaded using les 4 ombres in clair-obscur and lashes were kept bare. a dab of baume essentiel in transparent on top of the shadow gave the lids a lived-in feel. get the full look: ultra le teint teint compact haute tenue le correcteur de chanel pinceau duo correcteur rétractable n°105 les beiges poudre belle mine naturelle pinceau poudre precision n°107 pinceau illuminateur retractable n°111 pinceau duo paupières rétractable n°200 pinceau ombreur contour n°203 le crayon levres n°162 nude brun pinceau duo levres n°300 the biggest change calls for the best care! it is true that darker hair requires more bleaching to remove the right amount of pigment to reach the desired shade of blonde. this process can weaken the hair, leaving it prone to dryness and breakage. cicaextreme comes to the rescue to counteract this effect! mix and match products to your current blond absolu routine for that extra care! find your at-home natural dark base routine with at www.kerastase.com discover your revitalift derm intensives power duo! here’s your daily routine for flawless skin: in the morning, apply a few drops of the revitalift 1.5 pure hyaluronic acid serum to hydrate and replump lines from within. at night, apply the revitalift pure retinol night serum to renew skin and fight wrinkles. make sure to follow up the next morning with an spf moisturizer to protect your skin. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. bite-sized goodness our bite size eyeshadows and bite size face duos have super pigmented, blendable and creamy formulas for only $3 try applying these products with our flat eyeshadow brush, blush brush and highlighting brush for best results tap to shop! we don't call our marshmellow smoothing primer a super-primer for nothin' smoothes softens extends makeup wear for 16h hydrates soothes evens tone minimizes texture blurs lines adds a soft focus finish keeps makeup looking fresh looking for a that flatters? look no further is here! we’ve made it easy to find your perfect shade of our number one foundation with our imatch virtual shade expert. tap the link in our bio to discover your ideal match in our 24-hour long-wear, waterproof matte stay-in-place makeup! not only is our new bright maker primer infused with papaya extract, but this peach-tinted primer delivers instant and all-day brighter looking skin while improving and extending makeup wear pretty sweet if you ask us scoop up this online at nyxcosmetics.com what's your staple lip color? @lipsticknick is showing us all 5 of singersongwriter @madisonbeer's irresistible lip gloss shades last day to grab all these morphe gloss babes for $5 on morphe.com select morphe stores! what's your brow style? swipe up on our latest brow highlight to find out grab killer brows for $6 triple the bang! get our mascara trio for just $49 a $75 value! at @qvc! watch as @mathwithanieu from becca education applies light shifter dewing tint and finishing veil, breaking down the different finishes and the ingredients that make each formula a must-have. see skin in a new light at @ultabeauty, @sephora, @sephoracanada, and beccacosmetics.com your bffs this palette perfect match our be my lover mini palette is full of v-day inspired shades that are perfect for a galentine’s gift! let’s talk princess nokia’s makeup looks and how to perfect skin w @deneyadam which primer is calling your name? bright maker primer infused with papaya extra honey dew me up primer infused with honeydew melon extract hydra touch primer infused with centella extract @lovely.senia inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week we love our e.l.f. community and we wanted to show off some of our favorite looks from this week make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week our lightweight yet long-wearing fluid won @cosmopolitanuk's best sheer-coverage foundation award @getthegloss’ beauty wellness base cheek hero award!! what do you love most about hint hint skin tint california dreamin' lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette travel series 7 piece face eye brush set with bag your daily fluffy brow content, courtesy of @cakedbybabyk she achieves all this wispy, feathery perfection using 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel brow microfilling pen! spotlight saturday this week, we are handing the mic over to the mix to highlight their incredible work and the support they offer to those in need. we will also be making a £5,000 donation to the mix to support their amazing services.⁣ the mix is the uk's leading digital charity for under 25s, reaching over 4 million young people each year. whatever issue you're facing, the mix is always here for you. our free and confidential services include a helpline, counselling, peer community support, crisis messenger and expert contentadvice on our website and social channels. we can connect you to experts and your peers to talk about everything from money to mental health, homelessness to jobs, break-ups to drugs and more.⁣ you can find us here:⁣ www.themix.org.uk⁣ twitter: @themixuk⁣ insta: @themixuk for natural-looking lips that are easy to fall in love with our hydra care lipstick is amazing when it comes to a nourishing lipstick with sheer color! which one is your favorite shade? shown from top to down:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°46 relaxing oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°6 precious oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra care lipstick n°2 charming oasis⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ smile! because you're nightime skincare routine is about to get a whole lot better! have you heard of our revitalift derm intensives 0.3 pure retinol night serum? it's a luxurious retinol serum, which: deeply moisturizes smooths skin texture reduces the appearance of wrinkles are you willing to try it? nothing beats ultra fluffy lashes lift your lashes and achieve roxi’s iconic feline eye look with the revolution x roxi flutter eyes lashes. ultra-fluffy eyelashes with a winged effect that add length from the inner to the outer corner. rouge dior in its metallic finish infused with hydrating red peony will subtly make your lips pop thanks to its soft pearly shimmer. try it now! rouge dior metallic 999 such a beautiful combo ready to slay with a trending foxy eye look? the revolution x roxi flutter eyes lashes and ultra precise eyeliner will take care of it rouge dior is the ultimate rouge, says @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. do you know how to layer your finishing products from the routine? we’re here to guide you! 1. after shower, apply cicaplasme to your damp hair and proceed to blow-dry 2. as a finishing product, apply huile cicaextreme on dry hair 3. lastly, apply the sérum cicanuit before going to bed for an overnight boost of hydration and voilà, you’re all set! wait, there is more? ⁣bring your eye looks to life with the perfect eye brush collection. the revolution x roxi all you need brush collection is made up of 5 beautiful brushes to help you pack colour onto your lid, blend to perfection and apply base products like the roxi blush burst face palette and highlight contour palette.​ back in stock: mint melt cooling face primer this primer has a gel texture to keep your makeup in place, moisturize your skin and deliver a cooling sensation with ingredients like hyaluronic acid and antioxidants, plus a refreshing vanilla mint scent tap to shop for $8, also available exclusively @walmart in stores and online did you hear? new got even better, it’s housed in a sleek, recyclable glass bottle switching our advanced night repair serum bottles sold globally from plastic to glass saves millions of plastic bottles per year; if we lined up those bottles end-to-end, they would stretch over 2,000 km over 1,000 miles! tap to shop our number one serum, now! which mood are you feeling today? that's my jam⁣ kitty likes to scratch⁣ swipe to see how @nessasunshine shows off our new mini palettes with these stunning looks! got empties? bring them from any brand to our boutiques to be properly recycled. proceeds generated by our recycling program are donated to help alleviate hunger in local communities, in partnership with the g2 revolution feed the future initiative. do it like @camilacoelho it's time to improve your skin one product at a time, starting with our new revitalift derm intensives 0.3 pure retinol night serum! it's fragrance, silicone paraben-free. every night, apply a few drops of this anti-wrinkle serum for a luminous complexion with reduced fine lines and wrinkles. which one of your friends would this product? our self-care saturday essentials how are you treating yourself this weekend?! @functionofbeauty what the birthday girl wants, the birthday girl gets @nikitadragun’s seductive collection of 35 uncensored shades and 7 shapeshifting brushes is now 30 off on morphe.com morphe stores for a limited time! brushes softer than your eye looks your new best friends when it comes to creating your favourite revolution x roxi cosy vibes shadow palette pastel looks @anya.tisdale slays effortless, fluffy brows using our new go-to brow combo: lift snatch brow tint pen brow glue shop this iconic duo online at nyxcosmetics.com the way these cute af stickers catch the light tho @genaaaai light shifter dewing tint gives you color-true, all day wear. with coverage so sheer, the shades are flexible to work on a range of skin tones. show your lips some love with valentine's mega slicks lip gloss, in crushed grapes top and sweet glaze bottom get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com @anokyai is part of and you can be too! with benefits like 8-hour antioxidant protection, overnight radiance moisture, and fast visible repair, is for everyone, everywhere! let us know why you love our high-performance in the comments below. rediscover the iconic rouge dior shade 999 in its new metallic finish infused with hydrating red peony and smoothing pomegranate flower. rouge dior metallic 999 get your lash on with better than sex! our iconic and bestselling mascara has been dolled up in a limited-edition sparkly, fun, and flirty design just like @nahcardoso's personality! @lovely.senia has us mesmerized with this makeup tutorial ft. our new spring 21 faves here are the deets: marshmellow smoothing primer lift snatch brow tint pen shine loud high shine lip color in 'shake things up' around the world in a sweep travel series 7 piece face eye brush set with bag chillin’ in chicago 7 piece eye brush set revolution is now in target stores are you ready to shop your favourite revolution @revolutionskincare products in over 1800 stores?! what product do you want to see in your local @target store? comment below! starring @tomepamela with the shine of huile originale! everything looks better with a touch of gold a luxury everyone can afford! are you ready for a 30-day challenge? if you want to experience real visibie results give our revitalift derm intensives night serum a go! it's suitable for all ages, start your journey now! quality skincare doesn't have to be expensive holy hydration! makeup melting cleansing balm: a solid balm cleanser that melts into a luxurious oil texture that melts away makeup. holy hydration! daily cleanser: a gel-based foaming cleanser that helps wash away excess oil, impurities and makeup. gentle peeling exfoliant: a gentle exfoliant that peels away dry, dead skin to bring your fresh face forward. 100mg cbd facial oil: a 100 mg full spectrum cbd facial oil that soothes and reinvigorates the skin. acne fighting spot gel: a gel treatment for acne-prone skin. tap to shop a lil saturday serve @janellechristinaa has us stunned with this full glam moment she wears our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil brow glue pigment in 'old hollywood' shine loud high shine lip color in 'global citizen' to get the look caption this look by @samuel.rayy and we'll pin the best ones! coconut delight. seamless matte finish. get the perfect tan with our bestselling o!mega bronze in tan-tastic! and tantalize. skip the salon and slay fresh laminated brows from home with the help of our new brow glue instant brow styler cop this online at nyxcosmetics.com see what the hype is all about tired, dehydrated skin? not getting enough beauty sleep? need a skincare pick me up? if you answered yes to any of the above, have no fear, the sos skincare kit is here to bring your skin back to life. shop now, thank us later so dewy. @tynanbuck gets video ready with the sheer, dewy, luminous finish using new light shifter dewing tint. now at @sephora and @sephoracanada. @alexandraanele is ready for takeoff it’s the bad btch energy for me @mannymua733 @blondetaki spills the tea on her using our new lift snatch brow tint pen what brow products are essential to your everyday beat? unleash your creativity and experience total control our killer liners are waterproof, transfer resistant, non-flaking and last for 36 killer hours! from thick to thin, our new lift snatch brow tint pen has gotchu covered ft. a flexible micro-brush tip, this pen allows you to create natural hair-like strokes that actually look like hairs irl. cop this new holy grail online at nyxcosmetics.com these brushes are cruelty-free, affordable and look so gorgeous on your vanity our blush glow brush kit includes our fan brush, angled blush brush, flawless face brush and highlighter brush to apply any face powder, blush, bronzer and highlighter tap to shop for $14 @zacharyedward achieves a flawless, fresh glow with o!mega bronze in tan-tastic! and undercover perfecting coconut primer. giveaway closed! congrats @slippin9669, @jporter1127, @kendylleigh1508. thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 3 lucky winners to win a $150 e-gift card to shop everything morphe more on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 2221 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 2321. @cultbeauty pop quiz! how many shades of brow microfilling pen are there? thank-you for for supporting with us this month together we have: split a £20,000 donation between the amazing charities you told us about: @calmzone, @seedsupportuk, @pieta.house and @themixuk reached over 3 million of you to open discussions around mental wellbeing opened up and shared stories to raise awareness of mental health you are an incredible community! continue to champaign change with use using a view that's worth it! there's no competition when it comes to our infailible 24h fresh wear foundation! time and time again it has proven to have unstoppable resistance in unstoppable situations for unstoppable women. we want to hear what you most about this product! show your explosive side with the new rouge dior in its bold metallic finish in the shade 525 chérie! rouge dior metallic 525 chérie we have @revolutionpro taking over our instagram today to show you their new launches! unleash your inner rockstar glam the rockstar range is here:⁣ ️pro rockstar shadow palette noir edition £14.99€15.99$20⁣ ️pro rockstar shadow palette nude edition £14.99€15.99$20⁣ buy the 2 palettes for ​£20€22$30⁣ ️pro rockstar matte edition liquid eyeliner black ​£6€6.99$8⁣ all cruelty free living for these stunning eye looks! which glam would you wear? 1, 2, 3 or 4? @lottixbeauty @kseniasevrikeeva @fruzansbeauty @ashleykaylamakeup palette in sand mascara the new beautiful @revolutionpro visionary gel eyeliner pencils these soft gel eyeliners include a mix of matte, metallic and glitter finishes in a variation of deep jewel and neutral tones and feature an angled smudger, perfect for those smokey eye looks to help blend with precision available in 8 shades £5€5.99$8 each⁣ azure metallic blue​⁣ burgundy metallic burgundy​⁣ envy metallic green​⁣ noir matte black​⁣ ochre matte brown​⁣ rose gold metallic rose gold​⁣ shell matte nude​⁣ starry black base with gold glitter​⁣ also formulated with jojaba extract, these liners are known to protect and nourish the eye area whilst still looking gorgeous an iconic scent, floral, woody and musky like a sensorial caress that melts into your hair. the perfect secret weapon for shine! tag someone you know who loves the iconic @onlysimplebeauty www.kerastase.com a rosewood nude whose name conveys christian dior’s love of women and his muses: the new rouge dior metallic 525 chérie shade! rouge dior metallic 525 chérie new year, new skin-changing collection. soon, you can get the results you’ve been looking for, but from a gentle, plant-based collection. experience the luxurious comfort of @aerin’s best-selling amber musk. layer this dreamy fragrance over our richly luxurious and deeply replenishing body cream, or spray it on your scarf or sweater, and revel in the delicious scent of this wrapping amber floral. eye candies! which and @kayali product is your non-negotiable? amazing by @beautyblogshan @hernameisgeorgie wearing the mint melt collection products used: mint melt cooling face primer mint melt eyeshadow in mint to be mint melt no budge eyeshadow stick in mint for you mint melt lip plumping gloss in chocolate chip and mint sprinkle tap to shop! also available @walmart sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways holy, amazing batwing eyeliner! @auroreblogs created this look with and in nudist society get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com rockstar @gracebmakeup shows us how to rock a glam look she uses our new @revolutionpro rockstar noir edition palette, the rockstar matte liquid eyeliner the visionary gel eyeliner in ochre available now! niacinamide is the skin-loving ingredient you need during the winter. an essential part of skinlongevity serum, it helps protect and strengthen your skin barrier. how i contour my zit @huda let me know what other video you would like to see next? what skincare dreams are made of kick off your routine with our hydrating nourishing hangover collection! oh hey, la which travel series destination most catches your eye? feel infallible the new and improved formula for our infailible 24h fresh wear foundation is our thinnest, breathable long-wear foundation, and the result is low transfer even with a mask! a perfect match if you spend your day on the run. happy birthday to the mother of draguns @nikitadragun! drop all the love below to wish our the best birthday give your skin a healthy, hydrated glow. coconut gel highlighter in dew you? delivers the ultimate golden-peach sheen. hello perfect skin! do you want to have a fresh and beautiful teint? our perfect teint foundation is the ultimate product for this. leave us references in the comments if you have already tried it! @omgitsgare blue us away with this gorgeous eye look featuring precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 4.5 medium! restock alert our limited edition x @princessnokia lip kit collection has been restocked on @ultabeauty which juicy kits are you pickin' up? head over to ulta.com to grab your faves 2 award-winning formulas. endless ways to glow. see what makes our pressed highlighter and ignite liquified light liquid highlighter great on their own, and see how you can incorporate them into the same look. how do you wear them? that give you a healthy glow? serum and intense reset concentrate gets the job done! tap to add some pizazz to your last day to grab the entire collection, including the ultimate shapeshifters 7-piece eye brush set, for 30 off on morphe.com select morphe stores! our girl @halfagemini is stunning in some of our fave items off of the menu: frosé 6 color highlighter palette weekend vibes lip gloss duo lip gloss duo our new filter-effect foundation, an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation, seen here on the mesmerizing @makeupshayla is now available @ultabeauty!! for a limited time @ultabeauty, get the e63 wide angle foundation brush free w purchase foundation, bronzer, and contour have met their match—this brush can find and blend out every area on your face. by the talented beauty artist, creative director, and photographer @danessamyricks run, don't walk! our limited edition x @princessnokia lip kit collection has been restocked on ulta.com tag a friend to save a life how to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get metallic pink lips? dior contour 525 chérie rouge dior metallic 525 chérie crushin’ on @morganalisonstewart she gives her pout an extra boost with our lip injection maximum plump! rounding up the @revolutionpro new launches!⁣ ️pro rockstar shadow palette noir edition​⁣ ️pro rockstar shadow palette nude edition⁣ ️pro rockstar matte edition liquid eyeliner black​⁣ ️pro visionary gel eyeliners pencils comment below and tell us what you have your eyes on​ the full package! when you put on our infailible 24h fresh wear foundation, you'll be more infallible than you think. why? because it has everything you want and more! it guarantees: up to 24h fresh staying power lightweight, breathable texture resists: water, sweat, and transfer cocooning time for @aashnashroff with her favorite gems! her secret to sublimate hair shine? a few drops of huile originale! and you, what’s your routine? cocooning time for @aashnashroff with her favorite gems! her secret to sublimate hair shine? a few drops of huile originale! and you, what’s your routine? this shade liquid metallic eyeshadow in supernova is packed full of pearls for a high shine, reflective, one-swipe metallic finish tap to shop for $5 also available exclusively @targetstyle when we said our shine loud high shine lip color was transfer-proof, we meant it! pro artist @muamartini runs our limited edition x @princessnokia lip kits through the ultimate torture test available online at ulta.com national artistry ambassador @haroldjames created a radiant look on using for @ellerussia. photography by: @morganelay, @jonnyc1st styled by: @serenapppompei, @cairoandrea from @haroldjames how are you sending love this month? surprise her with a personalized @aerin fragrance she can call her own. with beautifully engraved initials on the outside and the most exquisite floral fragrances on the inside, these custom bottles will be cherished for years to come. link in bio to learn more. note: engraving varies by location, check with your local estée lauder for details on availability near you. the next gem in our birthstone collection drops tomorrow, only on our site who's stoked for amethyst for february? the possibilities are endless with our new shine loud high shine lip colors pro artist @makemeupchris swatches his faves indulge in a tantalizing, dewy highlight. leave a in the comments if you’re loving our luminous coconut gel highlighter in tantalize and dew you? @simplysccreations serves this glowy weekend glam using our new spring launches here's the tea: brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen in 'ash brown' can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'honey' shine loud high shine lip color in 'global citizen' the same lengthening volumizing benefits you love dressed up in limited-edition packaging, designed by your fave social stars! our new better than sex mascara designs are now available @sephora @macys and @nordstrom! dewier than ever. @kaushal gets video-ready with light shifter dewing tint, our new tinted moisturizer for a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. are those your real lashes?! the question we hear most when wearing they're real! lengthening mascara the only nudes we want are gloss @chassydimitra swipes on our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'ambition statement' for this ultra glossy moment snag this transfer-proof lippie in the limited edition 'sweet nothings' lip kit from the x @princessnokia collection available at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty it's a brow gel, it's a clear mascara... it's clear lash and brow gel this dual-sided clear gel conditions and grooms lashes and brows into place for only $2 tap to shop! we’re loving this major glow created by @morganemartini using highlighter in dew you? and o!mega bronze in tan-tastic! to contour. fairy vibes @nicaphan goes for our cakeless concealer and to complete this ethereal makeup look! today we focus a little more on our brows and make them look even more expressive! for an self-confident look, the ultra fine brow liner n°25 soft driftwood is the essential beauty must-have. beauty note: the thin tip on the waterproof ultra fine brow liner creates extremely fine lines and instantly makes them appear much fuller!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauties, it's time to focus on your eyes. we show you 4 stunning eye looks for the upcoming spring season. swipe left to see all looks. which one is your favorite comment down below. look 1: prepare your eyelid with our eyeshadow base. make the lash line appear fuller by applying eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate. blend the eyelid line with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush to create a soft gradient. continue your look with eyeshadow n°55 pearly mint green on your lower lash line. if you feel comfortable apply a turquoise kajal or eyeshadow n°55 on your waterline. look 2: apply eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush on your entire lid. continue your look by applying the eyeshadow n°525. blend all edges with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush. in order to make the lash line appear fuller apply eyeshadow n°525 again to create more depths and covering power. apply eyeshadow n°525 also on your outer third of your lower lash line and blend it with eyeshadow n°538. look 3: start your look by applying eyeshadow n°205 lucent ferrite on your complete eye lid and your lower lash line and blend all edges with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush. with eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate you can make the lash line appear fuller on top and on the bottom of your lid. apply a dark brown kajal on your water line or dab the eyeshadow n°525. look 4: apply eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush on your crease and blend it towards your eyebrow. continue your look by applying eyeshadow n°90a pearly purple protest on your entire lid and blend it outwards to create a cat eye effect. blend everything with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush so that edges won't appear. draw a sharp edge from your lower lash line to your brow end. image credits: @beauty.by.miri you are infallible and so is the new formula in our well-known infailible 24h fresh wear foundation. enhanced with spf 25 and vitamin e, the new formula provides: a light-weight feeling uv protection low transfer even with a mask on! 24h long-lasting wear. find your perfect match among the 34 different shades and let your skin breathe! take a closer look at the new rouge dior satin balm with 95 natural floral ingredients! available in the same new precious case as rouge dior: a midnight blue lacquered tube with a silver ring featuring the cd initials. a timeless couture accessory that is also refillable. newly available again. rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural @revolutionskincare launch day! get ready to bring back the glow with the new revolution skincare gommage peels inspired by korean beauty, these purifying skin peeling gels give immediate visible results whilst being gentle on the skin.⁣ choose from: pineapple glow gommage peel brightening and softening charcoal pure gommage peel purifying and softening when massaged onto the skin, cellulose help to instantly gather grime, debris and dead skin cells pilling them into visible pieces super satisfying!. wash them off to reveal a smooth and fresh complexion!⁣ available now: £8€9.99$9⁣ cruelty free and vegan same beautiful woman, @abbiebull, new improved made by you guys love you soooo much gorgeous my before after now compared to 2 years ago! thought it’d be cool to do this since the original post was me showing coverage of @hudabeauty faux filter foundation and 2 years later shes released a new one! also a reminder that hard times don’t last forever... my journey with acne was rough but i’m thankful more than ever for who i was then as she made me so much stronger today are you looking for an absolute must-have beauty couple for valentine's day? here you go! our magic fix is the product for magical lips. it makes the lipstick kissproof, long-lasting and waterproof. beauty note: the natural ingredients prevent the lipstick from transferring into fine lines around the lips and essential oils provide extra care for your lips. they are the cutest! love them! omg guys we made it on showtime @shameless @showtime embodied by @natalieportman, discover the new rouge dior satin balm: the first rouge dior couture balm with a universal sheer finish. all of dior floral skincare science is infused in this balm, specially formulated not only for its soothing effect, but also to hydrate, nourish and embellish lips! rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural dior created custom vegan accessories specifically for this rouge dior campaign black history month usa 2021 here at revolution we have always strived to represent and champion a diverse community.⁣ in an industry where beauty norms have only just begun to be challenged, revolution beauty has been breaking down these rules and standing for inclusivity since the day it was born. 2020 went down in history as a very memorable year for society around the world, especially in regards to the black lives matter movement. we saw the biggest civil rights movement in history during a global pandemic. in response to this we saw countless brands being reactive and pledging to commit their time and resources towards contributing to a better future for black people. black history month isn’t the beginning or end of this commitment for us.⁣ this month we’ll be showcasing black beauty content creators to uplift amplify their platforms and skills make sure you’re following @makeuprevolution to see all of the exciting content we’re bringing you throughout the month for black history month uk 2020!⁣ take a look at this incredibly insightful blog post written by some of our team members “working as black woman in the beauty industry” eboni, shahira, courtney maggie from @teamrevolutionbeauty answer a few questions about what it's like to be a black woman working in beauty industry, including;⁣ what do you love about working in the beauty industry?⁣ how has being a black woman impacted your role?⁣ what do you love the most about your role?⁣ what’s your favourite revolution beauty product?⁣ read the full post on our blog 'revsays' at revolutionbeauty.com pregnancy is a unique experience for all mother-to-be and we know how every story is different from one another. we have invited our muse @emrata to share with us her pregnancy journey. tune in tomorrow at 7pm central european time as we reveal “instants of falling” video with emily ratajkowski. stay tuned! get your brows in line with retractable brow pencils, available in 4 colors for only $4.49 get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com monday makeup choices @revolvebeauty regram @novalanalove shows you her artdeco signature look! get her look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wonder skin primer no color cetting powder⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ contouring powder n°22 milk chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°22, 378, 890⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ long lasting liquid liner n°3 brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°13 brown orange⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra lip booster n°28 translucent mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ fixing spray⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ wow! we are loving your reaction to our new eye bright illuminating under eye concealer! specially formulated to target under-eye circles, offering flexible buildable coverage with a max-level hit of vitamin c to actively treat the area as you conceal! celebrating the richness of hues in all of its beauty. she wears a new dimension of color and shine! illuminating shine glides on like butter for bright, comfortable that your lips will thank you for! customize your look: swipe on once for sheer coverage, twice for medium, and three times for bold, impactful color! shade: persuasive 333 add a plump pout to your makeup routine. you'll see and feel results instantly with our lip injection maximum plump! a visible infallible result the before after speaks for itself! our infailible 24h fresh wear foundation is developed to be a long-wear foundation with a lightweight feel. the innovative technology provides an ultra-stretchable formula that ensures full coverage application. no more need to worry about thick and heavy coverage! discover the first rouge dior satin balm, composed with 95 natural-origin ingredients for everyday lip care. hydrated, nourished, softened and soothed, lips return to their natural state of beauty, enhanced day after day! rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural do you like neutrals only or pops of color? @nikki6543 rethink retinol. rethink aging. our new ageless skincare collection is made with phyto-retinol a plant-based alternative without the irritation for truly ageless skin. see results in just one week. celebrate the year of the ox with our new, limited-edition lunar new year kits prime set kit: everything you need to prep and set your base including a powder brush, poreless putty primer and halo glow setting powder sweetheart hydrating lipstick kit: four shades of our hydrating core lip shines including cheery, lovely, giddy and joyful hydrating core lip shine: four shades of our super hydrating, sheer tint lip shines in new, limited edition packaging tap to shop! if this look was a painting, what would you name it? @itsstashi inspired by @bynatichang february is and we are kicking off the celebration with one of our favorite artists @theebouffants! all throughout the month, we’ll be recognizing the achievements of the black community, featuring our favorite black creators and amplifying black voices the second monthly drop amethyst for february happy birthday, february babes! give or get this month's gem only on our site, for only $9 experience the power of better than sex starring our co-founder and chief creative officer, @jerrodblandino! @jerrodblandino i wanted to show the transformative power, incredible energy iconic timeless sensuality that only better than sex mascara can deliver! looking for a special but easy manicure? here we go! used products: color care base top coat art couture nail lacquer n°708 blooming day color care nail lacquer n°589 charming rose ultra quick dry top coat video credits: @jesses.naildate giveaway! pro brushes, limited-edition palettes, and everything you need to shine—now’s your chance to take home this star-studded haul valued at $223. here’s how to enter to win: follow @ipsy and @morphebrushes like this post tag 3 friends use and deadline to enter is 2221 at 11:59 p.m. pst and the winner will be announced by 22821. to enter this giveaway, you must be 18 years old or older and a resident of the u.s. or canada excluding the province of quebec. by posting your comment with these hashtags, you agree to be bound by the terms of the official giveaway rules at www.ipsy.comcontest-terms. this giveaway is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram. the new eye bright concealer has got @mianjelica’s attention with the fluffy flocked applicator and added vitamin c would this also be your go-to concealer for more natural days? all women experience pregnancy differently which makes each and one of your journey a unique one. tomorrow at 7pm central european time our muse @emrata will share with us a sneak peek into her journey. share with us your experience too, we’d love to hear all about your pregnancy stories and get to you know you a little bit more we can’t wait to read you! let your skin breathe thanks to the new formula with spf 25 and vitamin e, our infailible 24h fresh wear foundation stays fresh all day and resists transfer. the lightweight foundation makes your skin breathe while providing 24h long-lasting wear. have you tried it yet? chanel five rules line your eyes in electric blue with stylo yeux waterproof and reinvent the rules. rule 1. day to night, line the eyes to mesmerize. rule 2. find your starting point. rule 3. take your time. rule 4. perfection is personal. rule 5. open your eyes to the world. n°924 fervent bleu shade shown. @essoyemombot amethyst is known to bring balance and obviously beauty to anyone who wears it are you ready to add it to your jewel vault?! celebrating some of the finest at across all departments, we are proud to have such a dedicated group of leaders, innovators and creatives that make up our brand. here's to our team and celebrating black excellence all month long @nyxcosmetics! so juicy mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint sprinkle gives the lips a fuller appearance with a delicious vanilla mint scent tap to shop for $4, also available @walmart which one of our spring 2021 launches is on your wish-list? still making history over the past year, black women achieved truly remarkable things. they shattered glass ceilings, surpassed historic milestones, saved lives, championed democracy, and dazzled the world with their talents swipe through to see just some of the many highlights! check back on our instagram throughout the month as we continue to spotlight and celebrate black history and excellence! @yagirltoomuch completes this sultry sunset glam with our lip lingerie in 'corset' line it, smudge it, layer it. comes in a rainbow array of shades that can be worn as a liner, an eyeshadow base, or a wash of color all over lids. codou on what's bringing her joy right now: “one silver lining of this pandemic has spending more time with my kids at home, i have been enjoying the simple things: cooking with the kids, taking long walks or going to the park.” @codousway codou wears: zero no pigment virtual foundation zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip ultimate lipstick love in merlot hydra-light plumping lip balm in surge you're only allowed to wear one lipstick for the rest of the year. what are you rocking? @superdrug major @samuel.rayy is a glow getter in our let's play mini palette, killer liner in killer cashmere, peach bloom lip balm in raspberry flush, peach bloom lip cheek tint in peach glow, and better than sex lashes in style drama queen! @makeupbymissevelyn is the definition of juicy she wears our slide on lip pencil in 'urban cafe' shout loud satin lipstick in 'silk' butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' to get this ultra glossy look @raeeglamour is naturally filtered in our new foundation now available at @ultabeauty is shade filter tan 21 tan with golden red undertones in-stock alert our flirty is back just in time for w a sleek new makeover and all the same sultry shades you love. drop your go-to v-day emoji now available at morphe.com us, ca, au! coming to morphe stores, morphe uk eu 216 psa to our canadian friends: exciting @shoppersdrugmart news! you can now shop your e.l.f. favorites on shoppersdrugmart.com and in over 700 @shoppersbeauty stores nationwide! we have already begun rolling out in stores so make sure to pick up some e.l.f.ing goodies pov: you just made selling your gamestopamcdogecoin shares...what’s your first purchase?! you already know what ours would be @beautyobsessedinc feels like a snow day for your face. smooth and blur skin with a cooling sensation you can feel. zero no pigment virtual foundation has a gel-like texture that cools on contact, with a silicone-free formula that controls oil all day while giving skin all-day hydration. @shalomblac is a vision in amethyst for february’s vegan and extra clean! violet hues the talented @danessamyricks brought her golden touch to our newly launched foundation $20 on the truly stunning @makeupshayla our filter effect foundation marries makeup and skincare packed with hyaluronic acid and vitamin e together to hydrate nourish the skin while also giving you the instagram paris filter irl. who's ready to try? now available @ultabeauty! turn those notifications because you don't want to miss out on our big reveal happening tomorrow! our lip scrub multi-active lip balm is the ultimate duo when it comes to your lips. little hint: for every order of our mutli-active lip balm in our online shop you will get a lip scrub for free with the code softlips valid from january 25th, 2021 till february 28th, 2021. reach for the sun with no worries! suitable for all skin types, our infailible 24h fresh wear foundation is non-comedogenic and formulated with spf25 to protect your skin against the damaging effects of uva and uvb radiation. dior makeup beauty tips with peter philips how to get protected and hydrated lips? the new rouge dior satin balm is suitable for all who want to keep their lips hydrated. rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural the revolution x roxi cosy collection is here!​ “after months of planning and everything 2020 brought with it, i am so excited to introduce you to my latest collection with revolution, the cosy collection! for this collection's packaging i drew inspiration from spending the majority of my time at home in cosy knit jumpers while still wanting to play with glam makeup!”​ @roxxsaurus the revolution x roxi cosy collection, what more you do you need? ​roxi cosy vibes eyeshadow palette⁣ ​roxi flutter eyes lashes⁣ ​roxi all you need brush set⁣ ​roxi ultra precise eyeliner⁣ what product is your fave? thought you had to use retinol to get results? think again. new ageless phyto-retinol night concentrate and eye cream use a plant-based alternative that’s just as effective, but doesn’t irritate skin like the traditional stuff. time to rethink retinol. @ultabeauty when you feel good you look good, @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. swipe on juicy, glowing color with new illuminating shine shades gorgeous shine pillow-y soft comfort. tap to shop now. shade: unpredictable 914 comment below if flawless finish foundation is one of your holy grails the lightweight, oil-free formula blends naturally into the skin with a semi-matte finish and comes in 40 shades tap to shop for $6 are you getting ready for valentine's day this year? it will be different this time but we will definitely apply some red lipstick. with our magic fix your lips are ready for every kiss! apply our lipstick sealer for kissproof, long-lasting and waterproof lips. the revolution x roxi cosy vibes eyeshadow palette we are loving this look that roxi has done with this cool toned neutral palette filled with beautiful matte, shimmer and foil shades before a long day of virtual meetings, julia reaches for the zero no pigment collection. first, she applies zero no pigment virtual foundation smoothed out, blurred out, virtually invisible finish. she then applies zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip for a glass-like glow without the sticky feel. @julialetarte wfh tune in tomorrow for a live event with brand expert @lisasgalli and learn about our all-new plant-based retinol alternative. wednesday, february 3 7pm est 4pm pst plus, enjoy 20 off all products featured! you don't want to miss this! craving a bite-sized palette? our deliciously scented mini palettes have the perfect shades to spice up your glam at home and on the go! making stunning brows look so easy @simone.sharice uses a combo of cakeless concealer to shape, sculpt set her my first love sorry chris @huda you don't need to spend a lot of money to look like a bad btch @whatwouldlizzydo...amen to that! get our @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com double tap if you want the mini lip gloss trio for summer 2021 tipsy shimmering golden pink shimmy shimmering apricot groupie warm rose light and natural our improved infailible 24h fresh wear foundation does not only provide uv protection and a 24h lasting long-wear. it also ensures a light-weight feeling, lasting all day, and a natural satin finish. we have 34 different shades, go check them out! q a with @nobswithanna global artist and @makeupbymilessss sr. manager product development at e.l.f. learn tips and tricks and get some product education! indulge today by treating your eye area to our soothing and rejuvenating concentrated recovery eye mask! instantly: the eye area feels cool and refreshed in just 10 minutes: eyes look more rested, radiant, and renewed. tap to shop now! we wanna see your mask on looks, like our @lipsticknick! use and we'll repost the best looks one lucky winner will share how they got the look on our ig story or live!! you have till 28 11:59 pm to enter good luck! new drop alert say hello to our newly reformulated total control pro drop foundation no sulfates. no preservatives. no mineral oil. no nasties. find your perfect match of this online at nyxcosmetics.com @honeydewgloss “i don’t know what motherhood is going to be like, of course because this is my first time. everyone has such different experiences and perspectives” watch emily’s pregnancy experience in 5 instants of falling. never be afraid of falling! the vast majority of our products can be used safely by pregnant women, unless otherwise indicated by the gynecologist. in the event of doubt, specially for professionals e.g. hairdressers, we recommend asking your doctor. find more information about the safety of our products at inside-our-products.loreal.comour-answers-to-your-questionsbabies-children-and-pregnant-women-specific-needs @edenbeautybyaysh is looking ahead to spring with light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow. light gleam is a dual-ended liquid eyeshadow with a long-wear pigmented primer a twinkling topper for multiple looks. shown in shade golden hour. gemsquad alert @xreyymua reps his birthday month and his fave amethyst for february traits by being humble, clever af and a daredevil happy world hijab day my loves!! which glam would you love to recreate? they are all so stunning @hanihanss @beautybyyasi @jasmineegal @makeupbysamiraa @itsnoorwaris good news! new original liquid mineral foundation is now available @sephora. available in 30 shades, our hydrating formula gives medium coverage with a naturally luminous finish. @stephsvida’s shade is tan nude 17. 8 hours of sleep in a tube our moisturizing wonder skin primer does magic on tired skin! in the twinkling of an eye, your skin looks fresh and alive. the ultra-light formula with 80 water content refreshes and calms your complexion while micro-fine particles diffuse the light, visually smooth out your skin and make you look particularly rested. image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ i don't know about you but i am feeling these blues new drop tomorrow guess what it is below! what's your favorite ice cream flavor?maybe we'll make it into a collection tell us in the comments products featured: mint melt cooling primer: infused with hyaluronic acid and antioxidants, this cooling primer gives the skin a dewy and glowy look mint melt eyeshadow in mint to be: a mix of four matte and shimmer pigment-packed eyeshadows mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint sprinkle: this gloss plumps and hydrates in one mint-chocolatey swipe tap to shop, also available @walmart let’s talk art and makeup w @theebouffants!!! want it. need it. have to have it. leave a below if you're obsessed with our limited-edition better than sex mascara dressed up with lips that made @makeupshayla famous! she's it babes it's time to dazzle 'em! fresh wear fresh everywhere! fell the light and fresh feeling of wearing infailible 24h fresh wear foundation while being protected from damaging uv-light. it's an all-in-one foundation that you don't wanna miss out on! have you tried it already? chanel five rules colour your life and colour your eyes with stylo yeux waterproof in fervent bleu. the iridescent cobalt blue and waterproof formula traces intense eyes for a bold long-lasting look. @essoyemombot get the perfect match every single time introducing our new total control pro drop foundation hue shifters customize your foundation shade to your unique undertone with these high pigmented drops available in 4 pro-grade shades: dark light cool warm pro artist @xoivettea mixes up her perfect match using total control pro drop foundation in '7' as a base hormonal changes can alter the cell's metabolic balance, leading to an altered hair renewal process. during pregnancy, many women experience major change in the texture and growth of their hair. the beautiful pregnancy hair. this is due to an increase in estrogen that will sublimate hair throughout the whole pregnancy. however, this is not permanent. the hair thins back out due to the growth cycle that will cause shedding about 2-3 months after delivery. which is why it is important to have the most adapted routine for your hair during pregnancy and after delivery to maintain your hair’s health. the vast majority of our products can be used safely by pregnant women, unless otherwise indicated by the gynecologist. in the event of doubt, especially for professionals e.g. hairdressers, we recommend asking a doctor. find more information about the safety of our products at inside-our-products.loreal.comour-answers-to-your-questionsbabies-children-and-pregnant-women-specific-needs genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. brightening up your feed with this electric glam from @nyane she slays this sleek liner moment using our og epic ink liner this is a 1-800-yes-to-neutrals hotline, how can @rubykitara help you? which non-sticky, feel-good finish is calling your name? can’t wait pinky mauve shimmer grateful magenta shimmer hi friend berry rose shimmer all smiles prismatic peach shimmer lucky me golden nude shimmer don't forget you can be your own valentine and treat yourself to our collection shown here: color icon blush in pearlescent pink megalast high-shine lip color in raining rubies get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com @mimizrs completes this sultry, smoked our glam using our epic ink liner @mua.lydia is having us re-think our favorite color inspired by @ashlevi waterproof, razor-sharp and always on point. our killer liners glide on for ultra-smooth killer lines that last for 36 hours! available in 11 shades @sephoracanada. to celebrate and reflect on the impact black creators have had on our society and in beauty, we will be sharing stories from black beauty creators throughout the month today, read about some of uk beauty influencer @makeupbytammi's role models, best life advice and beauty traditions passed on from her mum: beauty traditions passed on: my mum definitely passed on the dark lip liner trend to me, now-a-days though we tend to blend it in a bit more than it was in the 90s but i love that look! her role models within the industry: i have quite a lot of role models in the industry but the ones that motivate and inspire me the most are consistent content creators, who you can tell really love what they do, @jasmineregimi, @hanstluce, @nikkissecretx, @theplasticboy just to name a few. words to live by: a saying i use daily is 'it is what it is' which to me basically means there is no point stressing about things that cannot be changed, some things in life were just not meant to be but it is going to be ok. what is meant for you will be for you. thank you so much for sharing your story with us @makeupbytammi! let's settle the debate: pencil, gel, or liquid eyeliner? they're bougie, they're besties, and they're here to slay the new limited edition bff alondra elsy collection is coming from our girls @alondradessy @elsyguevara stay tuned for the drop on 211! q: what is our new super setter all about? a: it’s a microfine mist that locks makeup on for 16 hours, visibly blurs pores, and leaves skin feeling hydrated and fresh! did we mention the product comes in recyclable packaging? @gabrielle.shoots we love to create stunning eye looks. today, we show you the steps to create this beautiful look.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 1:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ prepare your eyelid with our eyeshadow base.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 2:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ start your look by applying our eyeshadow n°205 lucent ferrite on your complete eye lid and your lower lash line and blend all edges with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush. step 3:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ with the eyeshadow shade n°525 matt handmade chocolate you can make the lash line appear fuller on top and on the bottom of your lid. step 4:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ apply a dark brown kajal on your water line or dab eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate. finish off your beautiful look with mascara well done. image credits: @beauty.by.miri⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ “falling in love with my new body and how it changes and all the respect i have for it” @emrata a woman goes through a lot of changes especially during the first trimester of pregnancy. tag all mother-to-be and tell them they’re beautiful against street harassment with our in india study led by sexual harassment in public spaces is the issue faced by women and girls in the world. for this reason, we created the stand up program with our charity partner hollaback! take our training course today! click the link in our bio to learn 5 safe actions when you witness street harassment or if it happens to you. new launch! suitable for every skintone, the new ultimate nudes shadow palettes, and these palettes are pocket friendly too! create soft glam looks for everyday wear or a glittery smokey eye for special occasions. each palette featuring a selection of buttery soft brown nudes and gorgeous glittery pigments ultimate nudes shadow palette light⁣ ultimate nudes shadow palette medium⁣ ultimate nudes shadow palette dark⁣ cruelty-free and vegan⁣ £6€7.99$9 each dior makeup beauty tips with peter philips how to get protected and hydrated lips? rouge dior satin balm can be used alone to hydrate and prevent dryness. this new balm can also be added as the first step to your rouge dior routine: it preps the lips for lipstick application thanks to its extra dose of skincare while also providing comfort! rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural our hot chili lip booster gives you irresistible lips with maximum volume. have you already tried it? if yes, leave us your opinion about it in the comments. cream base do’s don’ts by the gorgeous @hxlindx product used: light most women struggle with hair-fall after delivery due to a brutal hormone level drop. the sérum anti-chute fortifiant will help reduce this natural fall by building an optimal scalp environment for future growth and helping you fortify your hair. enriched with a potent combination of aminexil, edelweiss native cells and ginger root, the sérum anti-chute fortifiant. maximizes the resilience to falling by strengthening the hair from the roots. it soothes the scalp and reinforces its natural protective barrier to effectively reduce hair fall. the sérum is a key part of your daily postpartum genesis routine as it will fortify your scalp over time, giving resistance to the hair and creating an healthy environment for new hair growth. the vast majority of our products can be used safely by pregnant women, unless otherwise indicated by the gynecologist. in the event of doubt, especially for professionals e.g. hairdressers, we recommend asking a doctor. find more information about the safety of our products at inside-our-products.loreal.comour-answers-to-your-questionsbabies-children-and-pregnant-women-specific-needs genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. we reformulated this for you based on all your feedback it makes me so happy seeing all of your luminous matte reviews on @sephora thank you so much my loves @soblushing has that everyday glam look! she has chosen the medium shade in our new ultimate nudes shadow palettes range we have 3 shades available, suitable for every skintone introducing our new ultimate diamond eye serum! whisper-light and energizing, this eye and its cooling ceramic wand leaves your eyes more sculpted, de-puffed and divine. like all re-nutriv ultimate diamond it’s infused with our exclusive @biancabrandolini there’s no such thing as too much moisture during winter or a snow storm!. complexion rescue tinted moisturizer uses hyaluronic acid and olive-derived squalane to quench dry skin with all-day hydration. when you feel the need for speed and fabulous nail color, we've got you covered in a flash with nail color dries in 40 seconds lasts 5 days get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvs @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com flowers are the heart of dior. the beloved rouge dior formula has been reinvented with a focus on dior’s floral science. for the past 50 years, the house's laboratories have been inspired by this science to create the most powerful raw materials. the new rouge dior is infused with floral lip care with natural-origin ingredients that reveals heightened color and more beautiful lips, day after day. rouge dior rouge dior satin balm find your finish. dewy or satiny with the new light shifter collection. light shifter dewing tint is a tinted moisturizer that gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. “you have to learn to just throw all the expectations out of the window and just let go and sort of take each day at a time because every women is different” @emrata to all mothers to be, what is your experience when it comes to expectations during pregnancy? curious about the difference between liquid glitter eyeshadows and liquid metallic eyeshadows? liquid metallic eyeshadows are gel-based and infused with metallic pearls for a shiny finish while our liquid glitter eyeshadows are infused with multi-dimensional glitter for a more shimmery finish tap to shop for $5 mesmerized @nazaninkavari is next level in our born this way matte foundation shade natural beige and super coverage concealer shades vanilla to conceal and butterscotch to contour! how do you a. the tried true bronzer “3” b. dusted lightly all over c. to contour cheekbones, nose jawline d. my own special bronzer routine @sabrinamolu new launch! keep neutral cute with the salon quality revolution nude gel nail collection from rich espresso brown to a cool toned light pink, discover your signature nude! and a new top coat is available too for a gel like finish which positive affirmation is calling you? comment below! i’m beautiful a deep rich espresso brown⁣ i’m independent a deep rich chocolate brown⁣ i’m devoted a medium warm toned hot chocolate brown⁣ i’m motivated a soft milk chocolate brown⁣ i’m passionate a warm dusty pink⁣ i’m smart a muted mauve pink⁣ i’m glowing a muted pink⁣ i’m special a cool toned muted pink⁣ i’m happy a cool toned chalky pink⁣ i’m fun a cool toned light stone⁣ i’m me light beige tone⁣ i’m unique a cool toned light pink⁣ and our new top coat:⁣ i’m confident a clear gloss finish⁣ available now £5€5.99$7, and buy 4 for £12€15$17 which shade name describes your plans? @dupethat like mother, like daughter. @haileybieber and mom kennya baldwin have countless things in common, and is one of them. for their go-to plant-based retinol alternative our new ageless phyto-retinol collection. against street harassment with our in the us canada we need you to spread the word! encourage everyone around you to take the stand up training program against street harassment. they’ll learn the 5d’s methodology by @ihollagram: an expert-approved set of tools to help them safely intervene when they witness street harassment. we are all part of the solution! click the link in bio. chanel five rules a party in a pencil. stylo yeux waterproof eyeliner in fervent bleu is all you need to liven up your look day or night. she's almost sold out get the stunning lunar new year: 2021 edit 21 color shadow palette while you still can ok but can your lipstick do this? pro artist @muamartini applies our shine loud high shine lip color in 'overnight hero' 'in charge' for this two-toned glossy lip bring the spa into the comfort of your home with @createbeautybecca and @biancabrandolini shows us how to indulge in using the re-nutriv collection, featuring the new ultimate diamond eye serum @vanessagyimah eyes looking like @rvisuals play up your eyes with a pop of color. @dreachong wears gel eye crayon in blue me away. play up your eyes with a pop of color. @dreachong wears gel eye crayon in blue me away. ice queen @ohemaabonsu in apres in aspen 6 color highlighter palette better than sex like you've never seen it before which limited-edition better than sex mascara design are you grabbing first? comment below! which highlight are you swatching? @espacomaquiagem a gel finish with no need to go to a salon and no uv light needed! shahira from team revolution beauty has tried out every shade to show you the new revolution nude nail collection​ available now, don’t forget your new top coat too! @bbgrla serves 90's popstar vibes with this electric purple glam she gets the look using: brow glue lift snatch! brow tint pen in 'taupe' shine loud high shine lip color in 'shake things up' investing in a hair care routine is crucial during pregnancy and after delivery to maintain your hair’s health. many women experience postpartum hair fall and this is a completely natural phenomenon. the genesis sérum anti-chute fortifiant can help you reduce this type of hair fall by building an optimal scalp environment for future growth and by fortifying your hair! the vast majority of our products can be used safely by pregnant women, unless otherwise indicated by the gynecologist. in the event of doubt, especially for professionals e.g. hairdressers, we recommend asking a doctor. find more information about the safety of our products at inside-our-products.loreal.comour-answers-to-your-questionsbabies-children-and-pregnant-women-specific-needs genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. @summerallyearrrr looking cool af wearing the mint melt collection products used: mint melt eyeshadows in chocolate mint mint melt cooling face primer hydrating camo concealers flawless finish foundation putty blush bite size face duo mint melt lip plumping gloss in chocolate chip mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint sprinkle use the link in bio to shop the minty-fresh collection also available exclusively @walmart our in france stands up against street harassment. study led by @lorealparis: 78 of women have experienced sexual harassment in public spaces. learn how to reclaim your space take the stand up training program and learn the 5d’s by clicking the link in our bio. before you start, remember that it’s never your responsibility to have the perfect response. often times, street harassment is hard to identify as it can be very subtle and insidious. but whenever it’s unwanted verbal, non-verbal, physical conduct of a sexual nature, it’s harassment. feelin' like royalty @jieasa serves this power lippie by swiping on our shine loud high shine lip color in 'shake things up' snag this lippie in the 'y2k hottie' lip kit from our limited edition x @princessnokia collection! available online at nyxcosmetics.com and @ultabeauty transform in an instant with under eye brightening corrector. our product that's been trending all over tiktok helps you fake a full night’s sleep. in one step, this full coverage corrector brightens and corrects, neutralizing dark circles to awaken the eye area. you're it, amethyst! this month is all about amethyst for february a multi-faceted, compact mix of purple, mauve and rose tones go get these vegan pressed glitter, matte and shimmer finishes for only $9 on our site @kxtbonifacio has us mesmerized with this stunning violet here are the deets: bare with me hydrating jelly primer dip, shape, go brow pomade in 'brunette' precision brow pencil in 'espresso' can’t stop won’t stop concealer in 'cappuccino' can’t stop, won’t stop foundation in 'mocha' slim lip pencil in 'brown' experience the luxury of new ultimate diamond eye serum. 92 of women said their skin looked brighter and more radiant in just one week. dive into this luxurious whisper-light serum to live a life of consumer testing on 119 women after using product for 1 week. lemon pie or key lime pie? @beatsbylizzie any color, anytime, anywhere. gel eye crayon delivers waterproof longwear in over 30 shimmer and matte shades. which shade is catching your eye? dare! can you spell m-a-k-e-u-p in 6 consecutive comments without getting interrupted by anyone?! educate. elevate. empower. we’re on a mission to spread the power of good and with your support, we’ve already made a huge difference through our fund. now we’re super excited to announce our new partner organizations swipe to meet them both. for a limited time get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every full-size $20 usd purchase, exclusively at @ultabeauty! key features: hyaluronic acid boosts moisture levels and vitamin e delivers antioxidant protection pore-blurring pigments diffuse the look of imperfections natural, buildable coverage longwearing, sweatproof, and transfer-proof free of oils, fragrances, and parabens when your cat knows it's america's setting spray @nino.the.cat. honestly, this look wouldn't have been complete wo your butterfly clips @annieedwardsbeauty inspired by @raphaelamua your secret to virtually perfect skin. our primed poreless face primer reduces shine, blurs imperfections, and is our best primer for oily skin. isn’t it amazing what a few hairs here there can do!? @i.mselena added tiny hair-like strokes of in medium brown to create a naturally fuller-looking brow! @enzirengel wears our can't stop won't stop foundation in 'classic tan' as a base for this glowy lilac glam how gorgeous are these hydrating core lip shine swatches? these 2-in-1 melting lip balms have a super nourishing heart-shaped core and gives a sheer tint of color to the lips shades top to bottom: blissful joyful happy cheery giddy lovely delightful estatic tap to shop for $6! @lapetitechicmommy how many brow products have you tried! a. 0 b. 1-3 c. 4-6 d. which products haven’t i tried? red lips to kiss! our perfect color lipstick n°806 artdeco red is your must-have essential for valentine's day. how do you like expressive lips? against street harassment with our in mexico how many of us have watched street harassment but uncomfortably looked away because we didn’t know what to do? the time has come to change this narrative: take the stand up training program. you’ll learn a set of 5 proven tools by @ihollagram to help people safely. everybody can be part of the solution. before you start, remember it’s important to always ensure you feel safe before intervening. click the link in bio. discover the new members of the rouge dior routine! dior contour: for the most precise and striking result that matches perfectly with each shade of rouge dior lipstick. it is transfer proof and will stay in place all day long. rouge dior satin balm: the first rouge dior couture balm with a universal sheer finish. all of dior floral skincare science is infused in this balm, specially formulated not only for its smoothing effect, but also to hydrate, nourish and embellish lips! rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural rouge dior 999 dior contour 999 dior vernis 999 which new ultimate nudes shadow palette have you got your eye on? light, medium or dark, all of them are suitable for all skin tones! let us know below! @pavellekn has tried out our new ultimate nudes shadow palette in dark, and our create brushes are the perfect brushes for that flawless eye look too dream duo wherever you go! valentine's day will be different this year but we still dress-up for ourselves and apply our adorable lip products. lips are there to kiss, so make your lipstick kissproof with our magic fix. one of the things our muse @emrata was a little scared of is hair fall, and it is the case for many women during pregnancy. watch emily’s thoughts about it and tag all mother-to-be so that they will never be afraid of falling! the vast majority of our products can be used safely by pregnant women, unless otherwise indicated by the gynecologist. in the event of doubt, especially for professionals e.g. hairdressers, we recommend asking a doctor. find more information about the safety of our products at inside-our-products.loreal.comour-answers-to-your-questionsbabies-children-and-pregnant-women-specific-needs genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. wow-worthy eye looks!! which is your fav? 1, 2, 3, 4 or all? let us know in the comments below @caterinatriant @mynudelips @maysammakeup @lobnamua gorgeous babes wearing our luminous matte for that perfect base priming is key my loves @masnax @keshiaeast @renzate @quickbeautyadvices @densydonbosco your new must-have nail collection! keep neutral cute with the revolution nude gel nail collection. we launched 12 nude nail polishes and a new top coat is available too for a gel like finish.⁣ tag someone you would match your nude nails with extract is the secret to younger-looking skin. experience the youth-sustaining power of new ultimate diamond eye serum at home: collagen-boosting activity begins just 2 hours after application! comment below and tell us what you're striving for this year. being pregnant means every day is another day closer to meeting your little one. a stressful yet exciting time for all! for all mother-to-be like @emrata, when is your due date? we know our muse is due around mid-march but how about you? are you excited? nervous? tell us everything in the comment section down below! we can’t wait to read all of you since the beginning of the house of dior, flowers have always been an important source of inspiration not only in couture, but also in makeup for the most incredible creations. rouge dior 999 @wishfulskin bye bye blackheads! can't stop watching this!! via zitsucker on tiktok. drop below if you want us to post some blackhead busting tips my loves an e.l.f.ing amazing combo our complexion duo brush is the perfect tool to apply our camo cc cream and the 16hr camo concealer for a full-coverage, long-lasting and flawless base tap to shop @anaempresaa is getting super creative with our new nail color dries in 40 seconds lasts 5 days get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com 12 shades, from rich espresso brown to a cool toned light pink, discover your signature nude now! which affirmation do manifest the most? the eye shadow palette that does it all which shades in our born this way eye shadow palette would you pair together for your perfect look?! the eye shadow palette that does it all which shades in our born this way eye shadow palette would you pair together for your perfect look?! check out this gorgeous look, featuring britany's favorite hydrating bareminerals products. skinlongevity long life herb serum complexion rescue tinted moisturizer spf 30 complexion rescue hydrating foundation stick spf 25 bareskin complete coverage serum concealer mineral veil finishing powder gen nude copper eyeshadow palette strength length serum-infused brow gel strength length serum-infused mascara endless glow highlighter your bar of soap could never here's the tea on our new brow glue instant brow styler non-sticky finish transparent flake-free 16h extreme hold water-proof transfer-proof vegan @honeydewgloss opulent af @bobsfabulousmakeup has us feeling lucky in: lunar new year: 2021 edit 21 color shadow palette lunar new year: 2021 edit liquid eyeliner lunar new year: 2021 edit faux mink lashes in dynasty diva take time to stop and smell the coffee. something is brewing and coming 28. onto creamier, more caffeinated things. coming 28. holy grail with extra cream, coming right up. launches 28. infused with new ultimate diamond eye serum helps your under eyes look more sculpted. use the cooling ceramic wand to massage in the whisper-light serum and reveal radiant and brighter-looking skin. our in spain italy stands up against street harassment. join the movement: get trained to hollaback!'s 5d's methodology to help you overcome your fears as a bystander when you spot street harassment. remember that you may need to use a different d depending on the situation to ensure you safely intervene. click link in our bio to find out more. @naezrahlooks serves this fresh using a full face of here are the deets: lift and snatch brow tint pen the brow glue marshmellow smoothing primer can’t stop won’t stop foundation in 'mocha' shine loud high shine lip color 'global citizen' slim lip pencil in 'espresso' a little texture play with the ageless phyto-retinol collection. the night concentrate is potent but feels lightweight on skin, while the eye, face and neck creams deliver varying levels of moisture to help smooth, firm and renew. lips to kiss! are you also looking for some gorgeous lipsticks? we know it's hard to select a favorite. which color of our faves will you try first? shown: perfect color lipstick n°961 pink bouquet perfect color lipstick n°955 frosted rose hydra care lipstick n°4 bilberry oasis image credits: @natascha.lindemann babe alert @elenitekeste perfects her eye glam using our born this way eye shadow palette! black history month usa 2021 swipe to see 6 incredibly talented editorial looks created in collaboration with @editorialblk @bbaldhi⁣ @lavern⁣ @noelleplay⁣ @aa.stasia⁣ @bemusebybetty @sandras.daughter⁣ editorialblk is a platform created by @wendysworldxox that is dedicated to elevating and uplifting black beauty creators. they also work with black beauty creators to help them gain visibility, paid opportunities, share education surrounding the content creation world and to expand black beauty creators networks of other black beauty creators. so far, wendy has been able to create opportunities for over 120＋ creators!⁣ make sure you're following and supporting @editorialblk for more incredible content uplifting and showcasing black beauty talent. chanel five rules make your stare electric. try stylo yeux waterproof eyeliner in fervent bleu for bold bright colour, comfort and long-lasting intensity. @essoyemombot thank you lou for your wonderful feedback! the serum anti chute fortifiant combined 3 potent ingredients: 1. aminexil to reduce hair-fall 2. ginger roots to stimulate the stimulate microcirculation 3. and edelweiss native cells, that are rich in anti-oxidants to protect hair against daily damage. this sérum is an efficient solution to fight hair fall from the roots. apply it daily for six weeks to get the best results. are you already using the sérum anti-chute fortifiant in your routine? share with us your feedback in the comment section down below! we’d love to know the vast majority of our products can be used safely by pregnant women, unless otherwise indicated by the gynecologist. in the event of doubt, especially for professionals e.g. hairdressers, we recommend asking a doctor. find more information about the safety of our products at inside-our-products.loreal.comour-answers-to-your-questionsbabies-children-and-pregnant-women-specific-needs genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. you are all a part of our now it’s your turn! 1. take the stand up training to learn 5 ways to act against street harassment 2. write the letter 'd' in the palm of your hand as a recognition sign of hollaback’s 5d’s methodology 3. spread the word, using the hashtag so we can stand together against street harrasment. make your voice heard and join the stand up movement! link in bio. that’s not the paris filter, that’s zero no pigment virtual foundation. this makeup and skincare hybrid has zero pigment, so it gives you a smoothed out, blurred out, virtually invisible finish with the hydration of skincare. seen on @pearlish fill, build, and define with our new lift snatch! brow tint pen what's your fave way to use our new brow pen? morphe haul mua and self-care junkie @styledbyhrush, curated the ultimate face, hair, and body set for your makeup pre-game and nighttime wind down. this 9-piece self-care essentials set is only $49 $87 value on morphe.com only! includes: li’l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist tone, set makeup, and refresh skin. @patchology flashpatch illuminating eye gel brighten your under eyes in just 5 minutes. morphe revitalizer foundation primer this lightweight primer will have your skin feelin’ moisturized. @lanolips 101 ointment multipurpose superbalm seals in moisture and delivers hydration without being greasy or sticky. morphe aloe vera makeup remover wipes remove makeup, while keeping your skin smooth, soft, and fresh. @frankbod mini coconut coffee scrub coffee, vitamin e, and antioxidant-rich oils keep your skin soft. @sweetchefskincare ginger vitamin c serum shot this serum shot reveals a bright, glowy complexion. lippie lullaby lip mask nourish lips overnight with moisturizing murumuru butter and squalane. @invisibobble true black sprunchie the original hair ring wrapped in velvet fabric for superb comfort. limited time only. while supplies last. these shades mint melt eyeshadows in mint to be has a mix of matte and shimmer shades for cool eyeshadow looks that are pigmented and creamy tap to shop for $4, also available online and in stores @walmart in the spotlight: @theebouffants based in philadelphia, kendra dandy is known for creating colorful illustrations, cheeky, smile-inducing patterns and original art. with a style and voice that is uniquely her own, kendra’s designs are bright, original, cheerful and a little sassy. we encourage you to scroll her page @theebouffants if you want to brighten your day! power of attraction: this cooling ceramic wand magnetically adheres to your ultimate diamond eye serum bottle so you’re never without its silky-smooth formula or magically de-puffing wand. @blendingtheruleswithbrandi has us feelin' green with envy from this gorgeous she wears our epic wear liner sticks in 'pure white' brow glue instant brow styler makeup setting spray matte to complete the look slay your v-day glam with ultra-smooth, razor-sharp killer lines that last for 36 hours! shop all 11 killer liner shades @sephora. okay but... these neutrals though @trendmood1 sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways the final boost your eyelashes need: our high on lash eyelash curler get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @frankiepdarling has us stunned with this serpentine slay she wears our lift snatch! brow tint pen soft matte lip cream in 'athens' to frame the look @strashme has us smitten w the officially back in stock on morphe.com with a makeover coming to morphe stores 216! a pro tip for your ride or die lip balms with @nobswithanna roll the tube between your hands to warm up the product to make it easier to squeeze out in these cold winter months tap to shop this intensely hydrating, sheer tinted lip balm for $5 @nobswithanna is wearing shade tough cookie makeup: on point plant babies: thriving friday: on deck describe your vibe in the comments! @sarah.slu @thesill haven't found your shade yet? check @ultabeauty's shade finder to find your match! now exclusively available at @ultabeauty! for a limited time get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every full-size $20 usd purchase at bff alondra elsy sneak peek what shades are you hoping to see?! we wanna see your mask on looks, like our @modernwand! use and we'll repost the best looks one lucky winner will share how they got the look on our ig story or live!! you have till 28 11:59 pm to enter good luck! pour some sugar on me @tijerarayemua in belgian waffle 6 color bronzer highlighter palette this must-have 9-piece self-care essentials haul curated by @styledbyhrush is ready to level up your makeup prep and routines for only $49 $87 value on morphe.com only! hrush's includes: li’l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist tone, set makeup, and refresh skin. @patchology flashpatch illuminating eye gel brighten your under eyes in just 5 minutes. morphe revitalizer foundation primer this lightweight primer will have your skin feelin’ moisturized. @lanolips 101 ointment multipurpose superbalm seals in moisture and delivers hydration without being greasy or sticky. morphe aloe vera makeup remover wipes remove makeup, while keeping your skin smooth, soft, and fresh. @frankbod mini coconut coffee scrub coffee, vitamin e, and antioxidant-rich oils keep your skin soft. @sweetchefskincare ginger vitamin c serum shot this serum shot reveals a bright, glowy complexion. lippie lullaby lip mask nourish lips overnight with moisturizing murumuru butter and squalane. @invisibobble true black sprunchie the original hair ring wrapped in velvet fabric for superb comfort. limited time only. while supplies last. benebabe @shiradanitra puts on a whole face of her favorites! products used: face primer air stick cakeless concealer volumizing brow gel blush what is your super power? the super power of our wonder skin primer definitely is that it gives you 8 hours of sleep in a tube. you are worth the best hair care routine and knows exactly what your hair needs... stay tuned! introducing our best mascara yet! take your lashes to the next dimension with our new 5d lash mascara! instant length⁣ instant lift⁣ instant definition⁣ instant stretch⁣ instant volume pregnancy is a very unique journey in every woman’s life. all stories are special unique and we thank you for sharing them with us! we want to congratulate all mother-to-be on this journey and give our best wishes on new beginnings and a lifetime of happiness! the kerastase team the 5d mascara really is for everyone! this is what @mianjelica said when she tried it:⁣ i have never seen my bottom lashes this long before!!! i struggle so much during my mascara routine due to them being so straight and never holding a curl, but!! @makeuprevolution 5d lash mascara has definitely changed that for me. the 5d lash mascara helps hold my curl and gives me the length i need!!!!! get a flawless complexion with dior’s best-selling forever 24h wear foundation. it will instantly reveal your skin's full sensuality and will offer a velvety matte finish that lasts all day. find your perfect shade within the 36 hues! dior forever 6n we’re so excited to announce @dendoll as our global makeup ambassador. denika bedrossian’s passion, knowledge and expertise in artistry and clean beauty always come through in her work with our clean beauty ambassador @haileybieber. they’ve partnered together on our campaigns to show us how makeup can be used to enhance your natural beauty. for this lunar new year, we are so proud to reveal our recent collaboration with a parisian artist @nochapiq! discover in the next days her unique approach and get enveloped by her talent! our iconic oil is more glamorous than ever! a feminine and luxurious red bottle, impossible not to love. don't miss the chance of getting the limited edition rouge elixir ultime! available at @sephora perfect hair, perfect year! it only takes a moment to join the 94 of women who said their eyes looked reawakened after just one week of using new ultimate diamond eye serum. indulge in this satin smooth formula combined with our cooling ceramic wand. consumer testing on 119 women after using product for 1 week your new favorite cleanser our mint melt cooling foam cleanser gently melts away dirt and impurities for that minty fresh and clean feeling with a vanilla minty scent and a cooling sensation tap to shop for $8 on elfcosmetics.com! also available exclusively @walmart your skin deserves the best! use the iconic dior forever foundation for a perfect-skin finish that lasts 24 hours. available in over 70 skin-loving shades in matte or glow finishes. there's a perfect match for every skin tone. natalie wears dior forever in shade 2n neutral. dior forever dior forever skin glow everyone loves original liquid mineral foundation spf 20 even our furry friends! as we continue to celebrate we are proud to join the @makeitblackofficial campaign which raises funds for the @pullupforchange impact fund when you buy a make it black product you are helping to reshape the world and enhancing the economic wellbeing of the black community we support pull up for change will donate $30,000 in 2021 in support of their make it black initiative to fight for economic equity for black communities all over the world nyx professional makeup’s financial support of is not influenced by the purchase of any nyx professional makeup product and pull up for change does not endorse any nyx professional makeup product. for more info, visit: www.makeitblack.org swatching it up with high-shine lip colors from @gsqrd which color is your favorite? get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com our current faves including the new 5d lash mascara and our new liquid powder serum that is back in stock! drop a comment below and tell us what you are loving this week discover a new satiny, smooth, filtered finish. light shifter finishing veil is sheer and buildable, infused with hyaluronic acid, vitamin e, and crystalized licorice. sheer coverage in flexible shades that work on a range of skin tones. today's mood: feelin' extra sexy give your makeup stash a major glow up with our new, limited-edition better than sex mascara, designed by our social star bffs! bow cheek-a bow wow how adorable are our cookie powder highlighter tickle powder highlighter?! @apbeautymua black is fierce we stand together to celebrate the beauty of black today everyday join us in celebrating the beauty of black support @makeitblackofficial in their mission to formally redefine black. visit makeitblack.org to sign the petition support the cause we're celebrating the beauty of black with pull up for change. we are offering a limited-edition make it black release of our best-selling continuous setting mist $16 with 100 of the net proceeds benefitting the @pullupforchange impact fund to support black founders. discover more makeitblack.org join the on all social channels! products are sold exclusively in the usa, while supplies last. for more information, please visit www.makeitblack.org. affiliate codes do not apply. how gorgeous is she? @francinyehlke what is your hair care goals? introduces our hair care diagnosis service to help you find the perfect hair care routine personalized just for you. looking for shiny, strong, or smooth hair? whatever your hair goals are, we are ready to help you win! what did the expert service recommend you? let us know in the comments. link in bio discover the new dior forever longwear routine. prime with the new forever skin veil for longwear perfection, protection and hydration. add a radiant finish to your skin with forever skin glow and then set your makeup using the new loose powder forever cushion powder. new dior forever skin veil dior forever skin glow new dior forever cushion powder less than a week until the bff alondra elsy collection launches counting down the seconds until 211! energize your eyes with restorative moisture and soothing comfort: join the 92 of women who said their eyes looked more sculpted and defined after using new ultimate diamond eye serum. reawaken, brighten and reduce the look of wrinkles with renutriv ultimate diamond transformative energy eye creme. consumer testing on 119 women after using product for 4 weeks. blue crush @itsclaudiane’s artistry is unmatched savor your morning ritual in a new, glorious way. coming 28. @melissa.hernandez proves applying new original liquid mineral foundation is as easy as dot, sweep, press. the warmth of your hands helps the foundation become one with your skin for a natural look. @sephora awaken your senses. café marc jacobs is coming 28. rave-worthy, crave-worthy, save-the-date-worthy. coming 28. choose one or @thatgirlolga revolution is now in over 2000 @cvspharmacy stores!⁣ drop a comment below and let us know what city you want to see a stand in? keep your pout glossy plump with our plush, juicy lip injection lip gloss which shade are you reaching for today? who better to remind us to be bold on this first weekend of black history month than the brave and inimitable dr. maya angelou? want to know what are the best products for your hair? just answer the simple questions and discover the hair care routine that fits your hair goals. it’s super easy and tells you exactly what your hair craves. we would love to see your result! let us know in the comments link in bio! make her or his day extra special with with the around the corner you just found the perfect gift! design to sublimate every hair type with 6x more shine with only a few drops, you can’t go wrong with the iconic elixir ultime its beautifying precious oils and its floral, woody and musky scent will win her his heart. lip duo par excellence start your lip routine with our lip scrub and finish it with our multi-active lip balm for lip perfection. little hint: for every order of our mutli-active lip balm in our online shop you will get a lip scrub for free with the code softlips valid from january 25th, 2021 till february 28th, 2021.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ chanel five rules pick-up lines. create electric blue lines with stylo yeux waterproof in fervent bleu for an eye-catching look. your eyes will pop, and so will you. @aaliyahjay is electric af in all midnight festival everything you can still shop the brush set on our site now be our valentine @branalunan used our officially back in stock on morphe.com with a makeover, coming to morphe stores 216! wyd for v-day, benebabes? comment below with what you got! holy hydrated what's your favorite collection from our holy hydration! collection? tell us in the comments holy hydration! daily cleanser: a gel-based foaming cleanser that helps wash away excess oil, impurities and makeup holy hydration! makeup melting cleansing balm: a solid balm cleanser that melts into a oil texture that melts away makeup holy hydration! face cream: this nourishing yet lightweight cream sinks into the skin for smooth, soft, supple skin holy hydration! eye cream: a rich eye cream that deeply moisturizes the eye area while minimizing dark circles tap to shop mini luxuries to try: indulge in our mini ultimate diamond transformative energy creme it transforms your skin, reawakens skin radiance while reducing multiple signs on agingtap to shop now. the first birthstone collection stunners make us want to pretend it's our bday every.damn.day. who's got em?! we're celebrating the beauty of black with pull up for change. we are offering a limited-edition make it black release of our best-selling continuous setting mist $16 with 100 of the net proceeds benefitting the @pullupforchange impact fund to support black founders. discover more makeitblack.org join the on all social channels! products are sold exclusively in the usa, while supplies last. for more information, please visit www.makeitblack.org. affiliate codes do not apply. these creators are constantly showing us how to find the right light. check out how they used their becca favorites to achieve their looks. @hernameisgeorgie wears light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in golden hour @shatefa.tiesha wears ultimate lipstick love in cherry @taylorjbain wears sunlit bronzer in maui nights it's black history month but diversity, equality and inclusion are ideas that we celebrate every day stay tuned as we feature even more beauties we love, as well as host our unfiltered talks ig live series with some fantastic talents! it's important that we continue to use our platform to amplify your voices tag your fave black creators to share your support make sure to always tag us in your looks! admit it. this is the photo that will finally make you upgrade from your old, waxy lip balm. hydra-light plumping lip balm is plumping and smoothing lip balm with hyaluronic acid that gives lips buildable, light-reflecting colour at @ultabeauty. shown in lagoon, spray, breeze. double dose of perfection @makeupbyserenacleary pairs our born this way eye shadow palette and killer liner shades killer black killer espresso to create this glam! tag a who needs to recreate @makeupozy black is fierce, bold, beautiful @nyxcosmetics is proud to partner with @pullupforchange to transform our bestselling ultimate shadow palette in 'warm neutrals' to black to celebrate the beauty of black this limited edition @nyxcosmetics x @makeitblackofficial collection is available in limited quantities for the month of feb on nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty through this partnership, we’ll be making a donation to the impact fund in direct support of emerging black entrepreneurs black founders check out @makeitblackofficial for more details inspired as e.l.f.: looks we love this week we love our e.l.f. community and we wanted to show off some of our favorite looks from this week make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week drop a below if you still need to try our new super setter! available in a full-size for $32 and mini for $15 at @qvc and @hsn! beauties, are you ready for a new eye look? with a few steps this stunning look can be yours. will you recreate it?⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 1:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ prepare your eyelid with our eyeshadow base.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 2: apply eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush on your crease and blend it towards your eyebrow. step 3:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ continue your look by applying eyeshadow n°90a pearly purple protest on your entire lid and blend it outwards to create a cat eye effect.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 4:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blend everything with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush so that edges won't appear. step 5:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ you reached the final step. apply a flat brush and a little bit makeup or concealer to draw a sharp edge from your lower lash line to your brow end. don't forget to apply mascara to finish off this stunning eye makeup.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @beauty.by.miri⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bambi got news for you, directly from stay tuned! extend your makeup wear with the new forever skin veil with spf. infused with hydrating and illuminating oils, this makeup base will reveal a naturally vibrant glow for 24 hours. new dior forever skin veil we have @xxrevolution takin' over our instagram today showin' you their new drops she's new! meet our brand new x-tra nude x shadow palette this time around we're givin' u nudes nudes nudes cool tones to warm tones, from light to deep, we're gettin' everyone involved with these shades sick transition shades combined with creamy metallic shimmers for that pop, this palette is more than meets the eye available now at revolutionbeauty.com, save 25 introductory offer also available at @bootsuk @beautybaycom new drop from @xxrevolution xx nexxt dew has officially landed we're psyched it's the dewy skin for us nexxt generation of dewy skin essentials, enhanced with cloudberry, cranberry seed oil rose hip seed oil swipe to check out the sick new ingredients nexxt dew glass gloss highlighter⁣ £12$12€14⁣ nexxt dew glass fixx primer⁣ £15$20€18⁣ nexxt dew bright light primer⁣ £15$20€18⁣ nexxt dew freeze fixx dewy setting spray⁣ £10$15€12⁣ nexxt dew gloss stixx highlighter climaxx⁣ nexxt dew gloss stixx highlighter perspexx⁣ £12$15€14⁣ available now at revolutionbeauty.com, save 20 introductory offer also available at @bootsuk @beautybaycom smooth, illuminate and protect with spf for a flawless complexion with the new perfecting dior forever skin veil primer. ideal to extend long-wear perfection in one universal brightening shade. new dior forever skin veil our global makeup ambassador @dendoll knows how to have some fun and create gorgeous beauty looks with @haileybieber! ur skin can thank us later our @xxrevolution nexxt dew collection bringing you dewy realness prime, highlight hold lookin' hella fresh with skin lovin' xx formulas mint melt no budge shadow sticks are the long-wearing, creamy, one-swipe eyeshadow sticks that you didn't know you needed shades left to right: ice crème melt with me mint for you tap to shop for $5 also available @walmart see our new tinted moisturizer in action. light shifter dewing tint gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. now at @sephora, @ultabeauty, and beccaacosmetics.com. @daniellestein from dusk to dawn, is our go-to serum–and should be yours too! use in the morning to help protect your skin from pollution throughout the day, and before you sleep to take advantage of the natural restorative process at night for radiance and moisture. 2x a day to keep your skin glowing, always! tap to shop a next-generation foundation is here. original liquid mineral foundation is free of silicone, parabens, talc and oil, and uses just half the ingredients of top-selling foundations. a recipe for complexion perfection achieve maximum coverage with an undetectable finish with our born this way collection! available @sephoramiddleeast. nobody can dull your shine gift this brilliant bb to your bff or yourself for some major big bling energy get ready to be overwhelmed by the new bambi oversized eye! coming soon! ya girl @xxrevolution glass gloss is here to play ur highlighter game is dew an upgrade she's a multi-tasking queen! cheekbones, lips, eyes, body it's glow time⁣ ingredients: cloudberry, cranberry extract, rose hip seed oil what it dew: helps to moisturise soothe, rich in antioxidants to help soften the skin, rich in vitamin c leaves the skin feeling balanced and g l o w i n g the dewy lewk: unique gel formula goes on bronze but blends out into a translucent glass-like finish with a hint of warmth think lit-from-within radiance she's cruelty free vegan too giveaway closed! congrats @makeupbylex89, @captainriott, @holliehoodhills! thank you to everyone who participated! be one of the 3 lucky winners to win a $150 e-gift card to shop everything morphe more on morphe.com just in time for how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe or valentine! 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 2821 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 2921. these heels were made for walking...to the café. designed by marc jacobs fw 2012. rg: @oldmarcjacobs set your makeup with the new dior forever cushion powder and give your complexion a subtle and velvety glow with no powdery effect in an on-the-go packaging. new dior forever cushion powder 030 medium which shade of butter gloss are you rocking this weekend? sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways valentine's nail colors and lip colors because hands are for holding and lips are for kissing get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com @kxtbonifacio said: vivid artistry only, please. it’s a cheek party! score our blush, bronze and highlight palette for 40 off now at @macys! @klassicbeauty3 say so long to fine lines. 92 of ageless users saw smoother skin in just one week. who knew a clean, plant-based formula could deliver these kinds of results? we did. based on a u.s. consumer study of 27 subjects. which swatch name describes your weekend so far from @cocoaswatches? roundin’ up the @xxrevolution nexxt dew fam we obsessed over the ingredients for this range for u in true xx style what are u picking up from nexxt dew? your weekend just got lit create a glam that is straight fire with the 8 sexy and spicy shades in our light my fire palette! when in doubt, throw on a glossy nude lip @leesondra wears a failproof combo: slip lip pencil in 'nude truffle' butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' @nochapiq unique artistic approach representing the iconic k in a never-seen-before form! enveloped in a luxurious red ribbon to celebrate the upcoming new lunar year! with l’huile originale let the power of camellia and marula oils illuminate your hair like a bright ray of sun. enjoy 48h of intense radiance with a beyond compare lightness, your hair will never ask for another oil. looking for a last minute gift? l’huile originale will win herhis heart. stretch, extend, bambisize introduces the new member of the bambi family: bambi oversized eye! the stretching brush and elastic formula ensure immediately extended length. what are you fave lip combos? asking for a friend @maggieanne.n slays this juicy glossy lip wearing our slim lip pencil in 'natural' butter gloss in 'praline' xtra time spent on yourself is time well spent. exciting things are brewing to brighten up your morning routine. coming 28. your new favorite everyday, brightening concealer pen flawless brightening concealer is a lightweight brightening concealer infused with hyaluronic acid and vitamin c to conceal uneven skin tones and under eye shadows use the to shop @gmartistry gemsquad alert happy bday month, @anitakartistry she rocks amethyst for february’s unique vibes by being a lil' sexy rebel with a superstitious streak love is in the air @ellarebeccamua has us hypnotized with this valentine's day inspired she swipes on our butter gloss in 'vanilla cream pie' to complete the look which decade would you travel to experience love? @helenesjostedt gloss on worries gone! use our lip brilliance n°72 brilliant romantic pink for more voluminous and shiny lips products for this look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint foundation⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint concealer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ multi stick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bronzing powder compact⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°211 elegant beige⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°205 lucent ferrite⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°570 matt terrazzo⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°209 earth spirit⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ color and care nail lacquer n°589 charming rose⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @s.b.997⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ everything you desire, finally on its way. coming 28. rock your look but make it extra with tiara lashes and gem on jewels on top even during these gloomy winter months, remember to take some time to find your light. just a few of our current faves what is one product you can't live without? galactic vibes your fave social bff @chrisspy dressed up our better than sex mascara in interstellar blue a color inspired by her childhood nickname, blue girl! me right before my bae this @bybrookelle has stolen our hearts w her look using: in trendsetter coffee lipliner the hardest part of our day is deciding which lip to wear which one would you pick, tell us in the comments! hydrating core lip shine: a 2-in-1 melting lip balm with an outer shell with a hint of color and an inner heart shaped core packed with skincare benefits ride or die lip balm: an intense lip balm treatment that gives you hydrated lips with jojoba oil and a sheer wash of color tap to shop @jasadetunji is lookin' pretty in pink she compliments this vibrant eye look with our butter gloss in 'angel food cake' great news, benebabes our pink doors are now open! beauty services are back, and we’re ready to give your brows some much needed tlc just visit the link in our bio to find more info about your nearest boutique or @macys and @ultabeauty browbar! as always, your safety is our priority! rest assured that our teams have completed rigorous hygiene training and are implementing additional protective measures to ensure your entire experience is clean, safe worry-free! we have partnered with @makeitblackofficial and @pullupforchange to amplify black artistry in the beauty industry. 100 of net proceeds from our best-selling continuous setting mist will be donated to @pullupforchange small business impact fund to support black beauty founders. we're so honored to have partnered with @heysharonc @pullupforchange to celebrate the beauty of blackness. learn more @makeitblackofficial products are sold exclusively in the usa, while supplies last. for more information, please visit www.makeitblack.org. affiliate codes do not apply. bye bye tired skin our wonder skin primer does magic on your face and gives you 8 hours of sleep in a tube.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ oversized anytime try the new bambi oversized eye mascara for xxl volume, and reveal lashes you never knew you had! is this mascara for you? how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get a long lasting matte complexion that resist heat, humidity and transfer? new dior forever skin veil dior forever 0,5n new dior forever cushion powder 1n diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black dior lip maximizer 001 pink twist dab, that is all you need to do! this brightening concealer can be used to conceal blemishes, redness and seamlessly erase under eye bags for an instantly brightened effect catchy eyes for your everyday look! our all in one mascara leaves long lashes with a gorgeous curl. choose out of 5 colors and swipe left to get more inspired! products used for this look: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink image credits: @natascha.lindemann omg she’s perfection!! @zainabhassanxo obsessed with her!! i’m so happy that you guys are loving luminous matte!! we’ve reformulated and made it for you my loves repost @wishfulskin where do you results after one use @thatgirldami is slaying this look created with the eye bright concealer in shade “caramel” have you tried this new brightening under eye concealer? achieve a matte yet naturally vibrant complexion with the fresh and silky texture of the new translucent dior forever cushion powder, housed in a couture case. infused with floral skincare and water for lasting freshness. new dior forever cushion powder 030 new dior forever cushion powder 040 new dior forever cushion powder 020 winged eyeliner goals from @styledbysabrinak she's using breakup-proof eyeliner get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com who says a girl can’t have it all? indulge your closest friends with @aerin’s floral fragrance favorites. wrapped with love, it’s our perfect gift this galentine’s day! get easy to apply, long-lasting, e.l.f.ing amazing eye looks with our h2o proof eyeliner pen tell us your favorite way to wear eyeliner in the comments tap to shop for $6 perfect brows at your fingertips we’re proud to be partnering with @browngirlhands all month long to celebrate promote representation in beauty product photography. watch this spot for more of their beautiful content! my for growing healthy, strong hair! @huda say it with a mask a little reminder from our friends at @jedfoundation and @loveislouder. @artbyamberliu our babe @jayyglamm takes her pout to the max with our lip injection maximum plump! we’re obsessed with our strength length serum-infused mascara and so is our global makeup ambassador @dendoll! watch her tips and tricks for applying it with our innovative paddle brush-inspired wand. comfy, pigmented, lightweight... we can't help but stan cashmere cream! @jmdelore in shade yas we are all set for the week with our eye bright illuminating under eye concealer our @revolutionskincare vitamin c serum both giving us that brightness we need! amplify your bambi eyes no wonder @ajanaomiking got that smile on her face! you would too with the new bambi oversized eye mascara for a more curling and lifting look! the stretching brush max out your lashes and takes your look from classic to oversized. it’s an eye-opener! three’s company w morphe x @benefitcosmetics blends with benefit face brush trio! shop our collab now by clicking on the product tag checking out instantly within the instagram app! liner goals @mimizrs slays this fierce winged liner using our epic ink liner only the best morphe kisses from @leebcmua we wanna see your mask looks, like our @leebcmua! use with any mask you own, and we'll repost the best looks one lucky winner will share how they got the look on our ig story or live!! you have one day left! ends 28 11:59 pm to enter good luck! how-to by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup: how to get the perfect all day natural matte complexion that resists heat, humidity and transfer dior forever 4w dior forever skin correct 2n new dior forever cushion powder 030 diorshow brow styler lip maximizer 001 pink beauties, say hello to red lips! our perfect mat lipstick n°116 poppy red is definitely a reliable choice for valentine's day. its creamy and delicate texture combines strong color and effective care.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ puppy bowl e.l.f. style comment a below if you think this good boy is a champion are you ready? shop your heart out for all goodies like our 2 for $18 $24 value morphe premium lashes w code lashlove at checkout! our plump prime has us on cloud 9 look more lifted and feel firmer with this one-stop miracle worker! available @ultabeauty. sneak peek alert 2021 new drops what can you see that hasn't yet launched? comment below! @ndeye.peinda slays this sunday beat using a full face of here are the deets: brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen in 'black' diamonds ice, please mega shadow palette epic ink liner born to glow foundation in 'deep espresso' born to glow concealer the marshmellow blender sponge shine loud high shine lip color chase butterflies with bambi-eyes a new member has joined the bambi family: welcome the bambi oversized eye mascara with a stretching brush and an elastic formula developed to extend your lashes. false lash, extra black or oversized eye? which one of the bambis is your favorite? thank you jocrand for your wonderful feedback! the iconic huile originale was the first hair oil to combine the power of 5 precious oils to sublimate hair shine. in just a few pumps, this luxurious formulation nourishes, softens, and adds radiance to the hair while protecting it from daily aggressors. elixir ultime features nothing but the best ingredients and formulations that will leave your or your loved ones hair with an incredible shine. thank you for your trust love! keep shining with elixir ultime! a glitch in the system @chloeybeauty completes this pixilated using our epic wear liquid liner in 'white' @katieelizabethbutt keeping it caffeinated these days like @themarcjacobs. tell us below: what’s your go-to choice of caffeine? soap the pairing you didn’t know you needed! @makeupbydany shine bright like @laaweup inspired by @maytahmi rush hour realness are you ready for some football? pro artist @muamartini serves this sunday slay using our ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' epic wear liner sticks in 'pitch black' 'orange zest' 'cosmic yellow' who are you rooting for today? meet one half of the bff alondra elsy duo @elsyguevara! this self-proclaimed tomboy virgo from south central la loves the color black and her daughter, baby e swipe through our stories to learn more about this babe our sunday lineup what new product would you like to see next? calling all nude makeup lovers! our social bff @shanigrimmond dolled up our iconic better than sex mascara in a limited-edition design inspired by her signature sexy modern nude makeup! indulge in caffeine-infused, creamy delights. stay awhile and take an launching 28 online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. this collection was mint to be products top to bottom: mint melt eyeshadows in chocolate mint mint melt no budge eyeshadow sticks in melt with me mint melt no budge eyeshadow sticks in ice crème mint melt no budge eyeshadow sticks in mint for you mint melt eyeshadows in mint to be mint melt brush trio tap to shop the minty-fresh collection also available exclusively @walmart have an unlimited supply of morphe x @jaclynhill volume i or ii? @aafrrin is lookin' pretty in plaid she serves this snatched look using our new faves: marshmellow smoothing primer pore filler radiant finish setting spray can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation in 'nude' wonder stick in 'deep' brow glue sfx face body paint palette lift snatch brow tint pen in 'black' shine loud high shine lip color for a limited time get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every full-size $20 usd purchase, exclusively at @ultabeauty! @makeupbybrooktiffany blended our new silky-smooth, medium to full coverage foundation like a filter icymi, we have a brand new setting spray benebabes! our porefessional super setter is your newest beauty bff, keeping your skin looking fresh and your makeup on lock even while you’re wearing a mask available in a full-size for $32 and mini for $15 at @sephora! effortless yet energetic, like the buzz from a good cup of coffee. she’s one of our forever-muses for a reason. at the praed street hotel, shot by kate garner. 1990. we’re loving everything about @makeupbyshaniah’s makeup look she uses our bronzer in toasted to complete her complexion! it's valentine's on sunday this week. even if it will be different this year, we don't want to miss stunning looks for us and our favorite person. what do you think about this makeup inspo with all its focus on the lips? swipe left to see the difference! recreate this look: eyeshadow n°211 elegant beige eyeshadow n°203 silica glass volume supreme mascara perfect color lipstick n°803 truly love image credits: photographer :@inna.beauty.makeup mua: @ninagmakeup model: @charlettajones have you tried the serum in america that is sold every 15 seconds? the hyaluronic acid serum is our most advanced serum charged with 1,5 pure hyaluronic acid. so effective, it immediately hydrates, plumps skin in 1 week, and reduces wrinkles. let us know in the comments what you like the most about it! shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. regram @novalanalove is in valentine mood! get lips with our magic fix for valentine, even if we celebrate it a little bit different this year! back in stock, selling fast! say goodbye to tired, puffy eyes with the revolution skincare gold eye hydrogel hydrating eye patches a skincare staple to help fake a full night’s sleep these luxe hydrogel eye patches are infused with vegan collagen and colloidal gold to help lift and firm the appearance of the delicate eye area we’ve also added a powerful moisturising complex of glycerin, allantoin, algae extract, and hyaluronic acid that work together to draw and bind moisture into the skin cruelty free, vegan fragrance free⁣ love you beautiful!! thank you for everything that you do! i’m so happy to hear your lovely experience with our foundation @fitpharm2014 shout out to all our amazing frontline workers heroes!!! we’re dedicated to our community and we wanted to do something a lil’ exxtra for did you catch our @xxrevolution metalixx launch? in celebration of black history month and black beauty, we brought you the full @xxrevolution metalixx collection with an all black campaign! we want to continue to authentically support the black beauty community, including paying black creatives and supporting black owned businesses so here’s what we did…⁣⁣ everyone who contributed to bringing this campaign to you; the studio, photographer, stylist, mua, hair stylist, models and nail tech are black creatives, freelancers or a black owned business. 2020 was a turning point in highlighting a global awareness of the historic and present struggles of black people and we want to be a part of the change in the beauty industry and so, we focused towards the future of black beauty.⁣⁣ 'we decided to explore afro-futurism. filled with joy, elegance, vibrant colours and blackness standing tall and strong. we wanted to capture the beauty in blackness.⁣' shahira, junior brand manager @teamrevolutionbeauty⁣ credit:⁣⁣ model: @ayeshamarr⁣⁣ model: @kaeemae⁣⁣ model: @sharonbright⁣⁣ nails: @arjenesisnails⁣⁣ styling: @ericafmstyle⁣⁣ hair: @nicolaharrowell⁣⁣ mua: @berniciaboateng⁣⁣ photography: @chantelkingphoto⁣⁣ photography assistant: @cocoshaw⁣⁣ photography agency: @studiopiuk⁣⁣ studio: @thrdsstudio so gorgg!! thanks for sharing your luminous matte thoughts my love @medusabeautyy we heard you guys and made this new improved for you!!! @medusabeautyy with and without @hudabeautyshop luminous matte foundation using cashew and amaretti in combination to get the perfect shade for my skin. look at the bomb coverage it covers every single area on my face which gives me a perfect filter finish i love it so so so so much make each strand of hair ultra shiny and soft with the iconic l’huile originale. apply 1 to 2 pumps of oil on wet or dry hair, as a leave-in on mid-lengths and ends. enjoy a sensorial caress that melts into your lenghts. its unique floral scent will follow you all day long adding this “je ne sais quoi” halo to your hair. @thecurlyroute adds a couple of drops of gold into her beautiful curly hair to sublimate shine get the iconic elixir ultime now at the nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com thanks for the @byjuliaperez! we also love how gentle and moisturizing the new ageless phyto-retinol collection is. our plant-based retinol alternative delivers results without the irritation. plus, we’ve packed each product with hydrating hyaluronic acid for plump skin and a dewy glow. sit back, relax and rediscover the iconic rouge dior lipstick story from the very beginning! chapter 1 happiness ever since 1947, monsieur dior has dreamed not only of making women more beautiful, but happier too. he began with his coups de trafalgar during the shows to impress and make the audience smile. the answer to your brow obsession is here! meet brow-sessive, our newest brow pencil and brow gel, each available in 3 shades. get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com skincare with higher standards our 100mg cbd facial oil helps reinvigorate the complexion with notes of japanese citrus and chamomile, as well as skin-loving ingredients like marula and grape seed oil known to help balance the skin use the to shop omg can’t.stop.watching repost @gialilashes we packed ageless phyto-retinol face cream with some of the best clean skincare ingredients out there. protein peptides support natural collagen so skin appears plumper and smoother, while hyaluronic acid provides instant and lasting hydration. @ultabeauty joy on her definition of beauty: “beauty is undefined as i constantly find myself diving into my creative mind, searching for my own definition and what i find pushes me to love myself even more.” @joyebenspiff joy finishes her lip care routine by applying hydra-light plumping lip balm in breeze after using hydra-light smoothing lip scrub and plumping lip mask. one for your vanity, and one to go which looks have you been creating with our ultra-creamy, razor-sharp killer liners?! share with us in the comments! sit back, relax and rediscover the iconic rouge dior lipstick story from the very beginning! chapter 2 freedom dior women have worn red lips for decades, showing they are independent and feminine. they are strong and daring women with a self-assured femininity. our highest concentration of hyaluronic acid the 1,5 hyaluronic acid serum has not only 1 but 2 types of hyaluronic acid. it combines macro and micro molecular weight hyaluronic acid for dual replumping and hydrating effect. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. in honor of black history month, we’ve partnered with @makeitblackofficial and @pullupforchange to help redefine the word black. we're celebrating the beauty of black with pull up for change offering a limited-edition make it black release of our best-selling continuous setting mist $16 with 100 of the net proceeds benefitting the @pullupforchange impact fund to support black founders. discover more makeitblack.org join the on all social channels! products are sold exclusively in the usa, while supplies last. for more information, please visit www.makeitblack.org. affiliate codes do not apply. happy birthday to our award winning makeup revolution soap styler! brow-safe soap helps keep brows looking full and fluffy grips every single hair to set eyebrows in place perfect for achieving the laminated brow look features a portable brow brush and mirror use with water, or without have you tried it yet? drop a note in the comments ps. if you love soap styler you are going to love a launch we have later this week say goodbye to exhaustion—or at least the look of it. introducing new caffeine concealer and foundation, our 2-in-1 multi-tasker for brighter, re-energized skin. inspired by decadent swirls of cream and coffee, serves up natural-looking full coverage as an ultra-creamy concealer or buildable foundation. available now online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. coming soon: @harveynichols: 226 online in-store @sephoraaus, @sephoranz: 33 online in-store @sephora, @sephoracanada: 312 in-store sephora southeast asia: april 2021 if you're serious about your brows, you def need to try our new brow-sessive brow pencils! shape, build, define, and fill with this softly pigmented formula so your brows look naturally amazing get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com this valentine's day, it's all about self-love introducing our new limited edition 2 me, luv me collection! we have all you need to make v-day the new me-day 2 me, luv me shadow palette 2 me, luv me lip gloss duos shop the collection online at nyxcosmetics.com what's your dream hair color? @missmixed has ours get like @xixiyang in all the lunar new year: 2021 edit goodies giveaway closed! congrats @5killet, @eve.sandidge, @sweetgrl98! thank you to everyone who participated! morphe haul be one of the 3 lucky winners to win @styledbyhrush's 9-piece self-care essentials set includes: li’l pick-me-up 3-in-1 face mist @patchology flashpatch illuminating eye gel morphe revitalizer foundation primer @lanolips 101 ointment multipurpose superbalm morphe aloe vera makeup remover wipes @frankbod mini coconut coffee scrub @sweetchefskincare ginger vitamin c serum shot lippie lullaby lip mask @invisibobble true black sprunchie how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @styledbyhrush like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 21021 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 21121. do you need an invisible protective shield for you skin? we have the solution for you with our anti pollution spray. vegan silk defends your skin from harmful environmental influences. the spray also keeps your skin hydrated and fixes your makeup. little hint: for every order in our online shop with a minimum order value of 35 you will get an anti pollution spray for free with the code prepnrpime valid from january 1st, 2021 till february 28th, 2021.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ those brows! @noelleplay givin' us brow envy today using our soap styler which we launched this week last year! love at first swipe we can't stop staring at @karenncamargo's plump pout wearing our lip injection maximum plump! tap to shop @sephora. is more than a hair oil that sublimates hair shine, it is also known for its versatility. it can be used as a pre-conditioning treatment before a hair wash, as a leave-in product to tamp down flyaways and to help with the blow-drying process. developed to fit every hair type and known for its iconic fragrances, elixir ultime is the perfect gift for your loved ones this valentine’s day! don’t miss out our elixir ultime rouge limited edition this year! a feminine and luxurious red bottle, impossible not to love. www.kerastase.com @friserpl intense hydration the 1,5 hyaluronic acid serum gives intense moisture that leaves the skin with a fully hydrated and dewy glow. in 1 week, skin is visibly plumped and deeply hydrated. over time, fine lines and wrinkles are visibly reduced. have you tried it already? shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. giveaway ageless then. ageless now. @haileybieber and mom kennya know it’s our spirit that defines us, not our age. to celebrate our new collection and what it means to be ageless, we’re giving away the entire line. here’s how to enter: follow @bareminerals like this post post a then photo and a now photo on your instagram stories with the hashtag and tag @bareminerals to receive one entry into the sweepstakes no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends february 11, 2021 at 11:59 pm et. see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: http:bit.ly3a0qkoo. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. @zoleeg serves this self-lovin' slay with the help of our new 2 me, luv me shadow palette cop this limited edition palette online at nyxcosmetics.com @amberdmakeup sit back, relax and rediscover the iconic rouge dior story in its latest incarnation chapter 3 empowerment the new rouge dior embraces feminine empowerment more than ever! femininity becomes synonymous with sisterhood, inclusivity and engagement, inspired by its refillable origins in 1953. the perfect couple. serum and will always be our go-to pair for beautiful skin. try these in your routine every morning and every night: step 1: repair, renew, hydrate and nourish skin with face serum step 2: moisturize with creme it helps seal in the serum and adds firming and youth-infusing benefits, plus rich, lasting moisture experience the many benefits of this power pair talk to the hand head over to our stories to meet hannah harris, the visionary creative behind @browngirlhands! their uber aesthetic images are not only gorgeous to look at—they invite us all to reflect on and embrace diversity in the beauty industry through the lens of product photography are you ready to fall in love with yourself? then you won’t want to miss our digital self-love workshop 2 me, luv me join us on instagram live all week long as we celebrate the most important people in our lives ourselves! you’ll hear from our guest speakers on the importance of putting yourself first and learn about different ways to practice self-love in your everyday life see you there! we love our putty family what putty products should we create next? putty blush putty eye primer matte putty primer poreless putty primer luminous putty primer putty primer trio putty primer applicator putty blush brush tap to shop our putty family wake up your skin with creamy, caffeine-infused full coverage. like the perfect cup of coffee, new caffeine concealer and foundation re-energizes tired skin instantly—without the crash. @erincromwell wears light 160. @marithememe wears tan 370. @maryelsousa wears light 110 140. artistry and photography by: @morganemartini “if you’re in the market for an affordable $20 medium to full, velvety, silky, finish foundation very very hydrating. i would say go ahead and pick this up” @raquellelynnette @raquellelynnette blended on the best. filter. ever. w our new morphe filter effect soft-focus foundation for a limited time get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every full-size $20 usd purchase, exclusively at @ultabeauty! if you could speak to your younger self, what would you say? @zoleeg spills the tea on self-love and acceptance products used: micro brow pencil 2 me, luv me shadow palette epic wear liner sticks in 'graphic purple' 'frosted lilac' 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' a flick of the wrist perfection from @indiarosemakeup love-struck by pro artist @makeupbyash.a electric here are the deets: 2 me, luv me shadow palette epic wear liner sticks in 'pure white' 'pink spirit' matte liquid liner we're just peachy @leesondra in bellini 6 color blush palette this is a pick-me-up you’ll never put down. new caffeine concealer and foundation has a hydrating, vegan formula infused with caffeine, oat extract and five forms of coconut for skin that looks brighter and re-energized. available in 30 shades online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. @itstasha said: tell the truth. how many lipsticks do you have at the bottom of your bag right now? comment below. watch @oohweeeg celebrity mua @brandyallen chat about self luv and slay a bomb makeup look w our new vday collection!! it's okay to be brow-sessed with brow-sessive brow shaping gel this gel creates fullness and gives color without mess, and without feeling stiff or flaking get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @christineleeee in a series we can literally feel the beauty radiating from these shots! tag a bff who would love our that's my jam mini palette! it's packed with sexy, cool shades that smell like berry jam. @misslipstickglam looks good enough to eat mint melt eyeshadows in mint to be and chocolate mint have four pigment-packed eyeshadows featuring a minty mix of matte and shimmer shades tap to shop for $4, also available @walmart this tint’s almost too hot to handle we’re spotlighting @browngirlhands to promote celebrate representation in beauty photography, because brown girl hands are beautiful hands! current mood: simplicity that brings up a fresh finish for your everyday look! swipe left to see the difference. recreate the look: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink perfect color lipstick n°961 pink bouquet image credits: @natascha.lindemann we’re all worth it a product that is effective for all skin types and gives you a boost of hydration? we’ve got it! if you are suffering from dry skin, especially during winter months, your answer is pure hyaluronic acid. our serum is formulated to give you a boost of deep hydration. it’s fragrance-free, paraben-free, and does not clog pores. take your lashes to the next dimension with the revolution 5d lash mascara this game-changing mascara helps achieve instant length, lift, definition, stretch and volume in as little as just one swipe go behind the scenes of the reinvention of an icon: rouge dior. follow @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, to find out more. stay tuned... gorgeous @komunikatywnie using luminous matte that's made for you my loves!! prepping priming is key for that perfect base f a c e: @wishfulskin serum @hudabeautyshop water jelly hydrating primer new improved luminous matte foundation easy bake setting powder in shade light hydrating mist e y e s: palette l i p s: @hudabeautyshop lip contour in shade flirt and liquid matte lipstick in shade wifey a new day means a new eye makeup. today, we show you all steps to create this delicate eye look.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 1:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ apply the eyeshadow n°538 matt nude rose on your entire lid.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 2:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ continue your look by applying eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate on your outer third of your eye lid like a v with a sloped brush. blend all edges with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude rose.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 3: in order to make the lash line appear fuller apply eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate again to create more depths and covering power.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 4:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ apply eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate on your outer third of your lower lash line and blend it with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude rose. final step: apply mascara to finish off your delicate look.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @beauty.by.miri⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ brown rainbow hearts swipe through and comment below your fave! repost @hudabeautyshop 1. @sincerelymels luminous matte in dulce de leche 2. @fuenteslegna last night power bullet 3. @maryandpalettes luminous matte in cashew nude rich obsessions 4. @jennseren in shade medium it's those lashes for us too @jjennamakeup swipe to see more @jjennamakeup tested out the new @makeuprevolution 5d lash mascara⁣ it definitely is a game changer lashes look long and full, doesn't flake and is easy to build up if necessary! definitely a keeper! “being natural, one can create revolutions without having sought them.” christian dior you need it putty blush has a semi-matte finish with a cream-to-powder formula that blends seamlessly into the skin use the to shop putty blush for only $6 @yadeemua skinlongevity long life herb serum is packed with powerful vegan ingredients including our current favorite, niacinamide, which boosts radiance and strengthens the skin barrier. is niacinamide a part of your routine? @sephora @ultabeauty love the perfect coverage skin-like finish @huda what's your fav thing about our luminous matte my loves? fragrance-free masktransfer-proof non-comedogenic products used: @hudabeautyshop water jelly hydrating primer luminous matte build and buff foundation brush sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways just call @ojitosliin2 queen flawless! she's using megaglo blushlighter in highlight bling, translucent setting powder, and megaglo contour palette in dulce de leche. get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com valentine's nude eye looks, we're ready for it the revolution ultimate nudes shadow palette is an essential for your makeup bag this valentine's! featuring a selection of buttery soft brown nudes and gorgeous glittery pigments! leave a if you're celebrating valentine's day one for you, one for her. @aerin’s purse spray set with best-sellers mediterranean honeysuckle and wild geranium give best friends the perfect pair. transport yourself or a galentine! to the italian riviera or revel in a field of wildflowers with this floral scent. these brows are it @tifanyviolet wears skip the needles and plump the easy way. plump, fill, and lift like never before with our plump prime, lip injection maximum plump, and lip injection lip gloss! available @ultabeauty. it's so lightweight, it's buildable, it gives you that instant dew...you just look radiant. global brand ambassador @tiarramonet follows her skincare routine with new light shifter dewing tint for a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. ready for visible skin results in 1 week? our 1,5 hyaluronic acid serum deeply hydrates to visibly replump skin in 1 week and reduce wrinkles for younger looking skin. and the best part? it is effective for all skin tones. try it out for yourself and let us know what you think on lorealparisusa.com? $20 usd is an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation crafted in italy for the ultimate soft-focus, filter-effect look and powered by high-performing, skin-perfecting ingredients. now available exclusively at @ultabeauty! coming to morphe 216. brb, choosing a nail colour date, mate or me night this valentine’s calls for a fresh nail polish we’re going to keep classy with the nude gel nail collection 12 neutrals to choose from which one is your nude? valentine's vibes lips are there to kiss, so make your lipstick kissproof! our magic fix is a lipstick sealer for kissproof and longlasting lips! we love it are you with us? you're invited to enter the private location of the house of dior's couture and makeup archives. discover the talk with @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, who tells you everything about the reinvention of the iconic rouge dior. @aafrrin said hydrated skin w our new foundation in filter medium 15 now exclusively available at @ultabeauty! for a limited time get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every full-size $20 usd purchase at inspired by @rahmanbeauty it’s okay to love yourself as much as others, @maquillageitup swatched here is our new 2 me, luv me shadow palette available for a limited time online at nyxcosmetics.com valentine’s day. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. a pop of purple is all you need to shine @lixeubanks finding yourself staying up later than ever these days, just to have some me-time? us too. the phenomenon even has a name: revenge bedtime procrastination. it’s our attempt to regain some control in our days and squeeze out some time for ourselves. trouble is, the extra time awake, staring at screens, has an impact on skin, especially around the eyes. fortunately, our are specially formulated to help repair the visible impact of both lack of sleep and exposure to blue light. so make the most of that me-time—we’ve got you covered. tap to shop advanced night repair eye concentrate matrix supercharged eye complex, now! our long-wearing mascara gives you large lashes that won’t flake for only $12 the mini for $8! tap to shop available at morphe stores, coming to @ultabeauty 216! benefits: immediate lengthening effect instant volume easy to build layer ophthalmologist tested safe for contact lens wearers new limited-edition designs, same amazing lashes. tap to stock up on our iconic better than sex mascara, dressed up by your fave social superstars! we're proud to be clean at sephora. long before clean beauty was a household term, we were already making clean, conscious skincare and makeup. our formulas are tested, proven to perform and actually help your skin. we’re also 100 cruelty-free always have been, always will be. head to stories for a look at some of our favorites @sephora. @meghanbethh wowing us with her emoji challenge makeup looks which one is your fave or you are always enough pro artist @beccalynzmua lets her younger self in on a little secret that everything gets better what would you tell your younger self if you had the chance? products used: 2 me, luv me shadow palette 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' you are always enough pro artist @beccalynzmua lets her younger self in on a little secret that everything gets better what would you tell your younger self if you had the chance? products used: 2 me, luv me shadow palette 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' powerful results validated by dermatologists our 1,5 hyaluronic acid serum was validated by an external panel of dermatologists that review our independent clinical testing results and protocols. it is fragrance-free, paraben-free, and does not clog pores. shop now on lorealparisusa.com and everywhere in the us. closed v-day is the new me-day! we're treating 2 lucky beauties to our limited edition 2 me, luv me shadow palette here's how to follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pt on february 9, 2021 and ends at 12:30 pm pt on february 10, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. when do we want to go in circles? when we’re applying eye concentrate matrix! wave this magic wand ok we know it’s not real magic! in a circular motion around eyes to stimulate microcirculation and help depuff, then gently tap in excess product with your ring finger. immediately after use, 99 of women said their eye area felt hydrated tap to shop now. @dominiqueiam consumer testing on 154 women all the brushes you need for a perfectly blended valentine's day eye look in one kit our smokey eye brush kit includes our eyeshadow c brush, blending brush, small angled brush, small precision brush and fluffy eye blender brush for only $12 tap to shop @tarashailyn serves this dreamy valentine's day glam using our new 2 me, luv me collection here's the breakdown: 2 me, luv me shadow palette 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'sorbae' epic ink liner these daringly creamy, zero-gravity morphe x @bretmanrock highlighters create explosive, prismatic effects on @beautybyttee wake up on the bright side of the bed every day with use it as a concealer or blend it out as a buildable foundation for a visibly smoother, more even complexion. @alissasugawara wears medium 280. artistry by: @morganemartini photography by: @darrencottaphoto the haul of our dreams what was the last product you added to your collection?! which shade of lipstick makes you feel like a @kimterstege meet the other half of the bff alondra elsy duo @alondradessy this self-proclaimed bougie scorpio from huntington park loves all things makeup and photography swipe through our stories to learn more about this babe we have major heart eyes for @mi1lou's valentine's day she gets the look using our new limited edition 2 me, luv me shadow palette @nellykin1 struck our hearts w this inspired look in: in black out in car @sarasowse is here with your perfect reason to buy another nude lipstick as if you needed one. sarah says i know what you may be thinking, another nude?! but who isn’t on an endless hunt to find all the great nudes whether you have one already or not? you can never have too many and a great formula is e v e r y t h i n g!⁣ sarah wears ultimate lip definer in pouty ultimate lipstick love in dune for her perfect nude lip combo. pout your lips and bat your lashes with our collection choose from two mega last high-shine lip colors raining rubies rosé and slay and two mega slicks lip glosses crushed grapes sweet glaze, then add mega volume mascara. everybody will want to be your valentine! get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com crushin' on @inngenue she wears our lip injection maximum plump! caffeine concealer and foundation is your go-to multitasker for: longwear full coverage natural finish crease-resistant wear available in 30 shades online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. shade shown: deep 490. you asked, we're showing. sneak peek of some of the shades in the upcoming bff alondra elsy palette who's stoked for thursday?! double tap if you love this primer comment below if you haven't tried it yet tap to shop the hydrating, gel-texture primer for $8 also available exclusively @walmart see the light shifter collection in action on alexa. light shifter dewing tint is a tinted moisturizer that gives a sheer, dewy, luminous finish. light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. time to remove the “s” word from your office vocabulary what should we start saying instead!? comment below with suggestions! cred: @meena @phenomenal @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup, shows you how to refill your favorite rouge dior in just few seconds! this valentine’s day spoil your skin with plenty of love! the revitalift laser day cream will provide you with anti-wrinkle power and laser-precision skincare. it's the perfect way to kick off the romance dab, dab, dab! the new eye bright illuminating under eye concealer is specifically formulated to target under-eye circles, offering flexible buildable coverage with a max-level hit of vitamin c to actively treat the area as you conceal! kissproof lips is all you need for valentine's day! apply your favorite lipstick and our magic fix on top for longlasting, kissproof and waterproof lips. take a chance on me. february 14th. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. wow @josemabeauty, so gorgeous before and after we heard you luminous matte is better than ever: fragrance free, no transfer non-comedogenic. yasssssssssssss soo excited to see this scene on @fatenetflix!! what are you guys watching?? the eye bright illuminating concealer was specially formulated to brighten the under eye area and actively treat it with vitamin c. look at the results on @medeaij flawless starts here. our foundation has a perfect partner: double wear radiant concealer. it conceals imperfections, covers blemishes, and can contour all-in-one. have you added this to your vanity yet? this made our day! @shelovesdisney highly recommends our new original liquid mineral foundation and her skin is glowing. to virtually try on your perfect shade. @influenster senyabou applies light shifter dewing tint to give her skin a sheer, dewy, luminous finish apply a pearl-sized amount of light shifter dewing tint onto clean skin. layer where you’d like to build coverage. the best liquid eyeshadows top shade: liquid metallic eyeshadow in comet is packed full of pearls for a high shine, reflective, one-swipe metallic finish bottom shade: liquid glitter eyeshadow in flirty birdy is infused with high-impact, multi-dimensional glitters and pearls for a one-swipe glitter finish tap to shop for $5 who's tried this new blush technique? repost @sellmakasumoviq new blush technique! the results were amazing much smoother looking skin the reason i applied blusher, concealer and contour before foundation is because of the smoothness it gives off to the final look. it’s also less cakey. fast and fabulous for valentine's day or, any day new fast dry af nail colors dry in 40 seconds, and last 5 days get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvsbeauty @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com kitty likes to scratch has entered the chat who else is obsessed with these 8 purrrrfect neturals and silky-smooth formula?! new in it's the eye bright concealer's bff! introducing the skin bright brightening make up serum, infused with brightening orange blossom and vitamin c, this ultra-hydrating makeup serum is what you’ve been waiting for putting our super setter to the test @makeupbyliz1013 two is better than one. this mineralist duo is the perfect way to show your this vday. @ultabeauty the color never ends with this full spectrum of morphe x @jamescharles' 39 dialed-up, deeply pigmented shades for a n y look you can dream up we have a love letter waiting for you... our spokes have a special valentine’s day message for you all! open it now... closed it's all about self-love this we're treating 1 lucky beauty to a bundle of @zoleeg's faves slay your dreamiest v-day glam with our limited edition 2 me, luv me collection dive into one of zolee's favorite books all about love by bell hooks @williammorrowbooks here is how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on february 10, 2021 and ends at 9:30 am pt on february 11, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. today, rouge dior embraces the sustainable approach of the house of dior and is once again refillable, following in the footsteps of christian dior’s initial vision, whose very first lipstick was also refillable. select refills currently available. full range available online as of march. rouge dior 999 coffee, concealer and out the door. caffeine concealer and foundation has you covered but still looks natural. @nkoang wears deep 490. @erincromwell wears light 160. artistry and photography by: @morganemartini hey galentines! illuminating shine glides on like butter for bright, comfortable that your lips will thank you for! customize your look: swipe on once for sheer coverage, twice for medium, and three times for bold, impactful color! gift your galentine when you tap to shop! shade: unpredictable 914 congratulations to da baddest @bretmanrock for his premiere show of bretman rock on @mtv! who else has been watching and is obsessed? if you eye spied a morphe shirt drop an and tell us who wore it don’t forget to grab your babe in paradise highlight palette to watch this babe in paradise all eyes on her! we enjoy wearing this soft and fresh makeup which suits us perfectly every day. products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure all in one mascara n°1 black high precision liquid liner n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink perfect color lipstick n°961 pink bouquet image credits: @natascha.lindemann get lovable, obsessive-worthy brows with brow-sessive brow pencils, available in dark brown, medium brown, and taupe get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com valentine’s day. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. @tiffany.jones is a whole valentine vibe in this bright red look use her exclusive code: tiffany for 10 off sitewide watch @zoleeg @oohweeeg talk all about luv and life, celebrating our new vday collection! @trendmood1 these swatches top the charts from the available in select morphe stores! as a continuation of our commitment to our community, we wanted to share an update with you from the revolution academy….⁣ the revolution academy was founded by our power the revolution board an internal forum made up of a diverse board of employees from all levels and areas of the business. power the revolution was formed to push the business forwards in diversity and inclusion, beginning with improving diversity in employment within the beauty industry.⁣ in december 2020, applications for the revolution academy went live. the academy was launched to offer career opportunities to people in our community who have historically been at a disadvantage when entering the beauty industry.⁣ we are pleased to announce that applicants have now been shortlisted by the power the revolution team and interviews will begin shortly. we can’t wait to welcome our new team members in april of this year.⁣ we look forward to seeing the academy grow over the next few years as we continue to open our doors to more and more people who are looking to get into a career in beauty. our hope is that this opportunity will give them the skills and knowledge to be able to progress in a successful passionate career in the industry.⁣ of the day sharpen your killer liner to a killer point with your go-to sharpener for ultra smooth, razor-sharp lines that last for 36 hours! can you guess what is hidden behind this red ribbon? the talent @nochapiq prepares a beautiful surprise for you this valentine’s day! treat your loved ones with gleaming, healthy and radiant beauty by offering them the precious care and shine of with us! this v-day is all about me treat yourself to a little something special with our 2 me, luv me collection available for a limited time online at nyxcosmetics.com the bff alondra elsy collection is officially here! grab the lip duos on our site before they're gone @alondradessy @elsyguevara take it creamy and make it a double. infused with caffeine, works double time as a foundation and concealer. focus full, creamy coverage where desired or blend out for visibly smoother, even skin. lovely in lilac @shamelesslydia wears our epic wear liner sticks in graphic purple frosted lilac to serve this icy moment which shade from the collection is your fave? drop a for @kxtbonifacio's pigmented artistry w the morphe x @jamescharles palette when you can buy every shade because they are only $3 our srsly satin lipsticks have one-swipe pigmentation, a satin finish and comes in 10 gorgeous shades shade names: crème, cocoa, cherry, cider, sugarplum, persimmon, pepper, raspberry, crème and nectar tap to shop tag a babe to let me know you love them @e.mua.ly is a total eclipse of the heart in: morphe x @jaclynhill volume ii palette in biscotti take me to carnival even if only in our minds @alondradessy in take me back to brazil 35 color pressed pigment palette let's play a love game @harbsy completes this glitchy using our epic wear liner sticks in 'pink spirit' @sourandnasty the face of our 2 me, luv me campaign @zoleeg shows us the benefits of journaling with @symphanisoto. brought to you by @grl2wmn instant moisture. pure color. what more could you want from your lipstick? ultimate lipstick love is formulated with hyaluronic acid to hydrate and instantly smooth the look of lips while softening. the moisturizing lipstick is non-drying and colour-true all day, without flaking or bleeding. the morphe x @jaclynhill is spreading the love with this soft artistry created by @shemakeupartistry on @ellaaevee comment your fave mini palette below! @meccamaxima mini palettes, mega looks. @toofaced's new pans might be miniature, but they have major palette energy. whether you're at home or on-the-go, create endless eye looks with pigmented shades, in shimmer and matte finishes. watch this incredible brow transformation take place @keziahcece used ka-brow! eyebrow cream-gel color 6 deep to sketch out her brow shape, then added dimension definition with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil cool grey! café au slay the look of complexion imperfections. caffeine concealer and foundation blends and builds into a blurred look with flawless longwear coverage. @erincromwell wears light 160. @marithememe wears tan 370. artistry and photography by: @morganemartini @danielleathena keeping it cool in our mint melt collection available exclusively on elfcosmetics.com and at @walmart tap to shop! like the look of microbladed brows? we do, too meet our which creates the illusion of natural brow hairs with 3 ultra-fine lines in a single stroke how about a dreamy pink makeup with gorgeous glow? products used:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer and refill n°99 first love⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eye designer and refill n°27 brilliant shell⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ highlighter powder compact⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hot chili lip booster⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ it's here!!! slay the makeup game minus the high price tag with the luxe, limited edition bff alondra elsy collection, created by irl besties, @alondradessy and @elsyguevara shop right now on our site we're doing things mega big this valentine's day starting off with our lashes! for perfectly puffed-up lashes, choose our air volume mega mascara to make a lasting impact we hit 3 million followers we just wanted to say thank you for your support, as we couldn't do it without you you are the revolution, you are our revolution family! “thank you, each and everyone of you, who has supported revolution, from og fans to the newest additions of the revolution family, we love you all the same. we started as an indie brand, now just a larger indie brand, always and forever we will be your revolution, we are made by you adam 999 questions for @natalieportman... lipstick or mascara? audrey or marilyn? natalie answers our questions! new launch! it’s time for some serious tlc with the revolution rehab collection this collection is designed to nourish recover your brows, lips lashes rehab brow care serum⁣ rehab lash care serum⁣ introductory offer only on revolutionbeauty.com, normal price £9.99€10.99$14us$20aus⁣ rehab brow care mask⁣ rehab soap care styler⁣ rehab overnight lip serum⁣ £6€6.99$8us$12aus so proud to call home congratulations!! repost @visit.dubai @burjkhalifa hope launched our dreams into space! the has successfully entered mars' orbit, making the uae the fifth country in the world to reach mars @hopemarsmission @nationbranduae current must-have: the prettiest palette now available on @hudabeautyshop who's excited? @flatlay2slay @gleidylovesmakeup @daisybbeauty getting in some much needed tlc with these 2 new products! rehab brow care serum: packed with skin loving ingredients! with nourishing castor oil and shea butter to promote brow growth and repair the brow area at the same time! rehab lash care serum: bring your lashes to life! with an easy to use applicator allowing quick simple application directly on your lash line. with castor oil shea butter to help promote lash growth and repair those lashes too! what do you have your eye on? blended to perfection glam by @jacintaspencer products used @hudabeautyshop gold obsessions palette in fair lip contour in shero lois from team revolution beauty shows us the difference in her brows and lashes after 6 weeks of using our new brow lash rehab range! watch until the end! a red lip pairs perfectly with camo cc cream @tayloranise looking amazing wearing camo cc cream in tan 450n tap to shop for $14 if you love your brows, you've got to try our brow-sessive brow pencils and brow gels! just ask @safai305 she's using brow-sessive brow pencil in dark brown and brow-sessive brow gel in brown to make her brows look even more naturally fabulous get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com go love yourself égoïste. february 14th. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. stunning glitter eyes! available today @hudabeautyshop who's adding it to their makeup bag? repost @makeupbyaleks @openbeauty1 @azarashi.33 @irinaelenabeauty @bakingmyfeatures perfect your pout with a powerful pop of color our lipsticks help you a swipe of bold lip color can transform your mood and attitude! tap to shop these gorgeous shades now. shades l to r: persuasive 333, unpredictable 914, don’t stop 305 work smarter, not harder. the ageless phyto-retinol collection delivers the same benefits as your current skincare routine, while preventing and correcting signs of aging with each step. v-day glam inspo! @beautybyhaneenxx wears our killer liner shade espresso, better than sex mascara, and primed poreless face primer! bestie goals beauty mavens and best friends forever @alondradessy and @elsyguevara created the bff alondra elsy collection so you and your squad can have the best of both worlds grab it now brow lash routine with @rikksss rikki shows us her evening routine using our new rehab range i go to sleep, and by the morning these products have worked their magic the eyes have it @danielleathena goes for ka-brow! eyebrow cream-gel color 3.5 medium to complete these gorgeous brows! valentine’s day is the perfect occasion to show yourself some love! don’t you agree? which self-luvin' shade of our new 2 me, luv me shadow palette would you hit pan on first? available for a limited time online at nyxcosmeticss.com @maquillageitup that's the ultimate right there on @cameliafarhoodi using our very own morphe 2 brow crush tinted brow gel for only $7! tell us, what's your brow style? @meccamaxima sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways whether you love your lashes with mascara, falsies, or au naturel, we've gotchu get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com take full advantage of these 35 sultry shades from 35xo natural flirt artistry palette and show everyone the love with your artistry his which shade is your fave? rate this look from 1 to 10 10 being best @huda see how @hazelfire is celebrating from home with a few of her becca must-haves. although my family and i will be celebrating lunar new year virtually this year, i want to keep the tradition alive by wearing red. red symbolizes good luck, good fortune, and happiness. a bold lip is essential to my look every year. to spice up the look, i applied gold highlighter under my brows, corners of my inner eyes and nose! jenny wears pressed highlighter in moonstone and ultimate lipstick love in rosewood. the perfect addition to your makeup routine bloom into spring with our color adapting peach bloom lip cheek tint that blossoms based on your unique body chemistry! pro artist @alexandriamariee reminds her younger self that you can do anything that you put your mind too! what would you tell your younger self? products used: 2 me, luv me shadow palette 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' cheat the extra sleep with caffeine concealer and foundation. our caffeine-boosted formula brightens fatigued complexions into buzz-worthy perfection. available in 30 shades online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. only a few left the obsession is real for our new bff lip duos. each pack has one universally gorg matte lippie one high shine gloss for just $14 grab 'em while you still can! @alondradessy @elsyguevara new launch! revolution soap care is ready to help you bring out your best brows. just like your favourite revolution soap styler but with a hydrating formula and added ingredients this product is infused with jojoba and castor oil!⁣ you asked us for a brush to use our soap styler soap and care, and it is here! we listened!tap link in bio to head over the site to see the new brush too! valentine’s day. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. just like @nilaycafer don’t forget your partner in crime this love season! get yours now and keep shining with the iconic hair-salons.kerastase.com only 24 of computer scientists are women, and the biggest gender gap in computer science emerges between the ages of 13-17. that’s why today, international day of women and girls in science, is so important and why we're proud to work with education partners like @girlswhocode, whose mission is to close the gender gap in tech. here's to a brighter future where more women have a seat at the table. alert this we're spotlighting some of our favorite black-owned small businesses today we've partnered with @aspoonfuloffaith to bring you the ultimate self-love bundle one lucky winner will win our limited edition 2 me, luv me collection a journal, greeting cards, and $50 gift card from @aspoonfuloffaith here's how to enter follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pt on february 11, 2021 and ends at 12:30 pm pt on february 12, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. sound up we get the hype too @mikaylajmakeup foundation gets you the hydrating coverage you need for only $20, exclusively available @ultabeauty! at for a limited time get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every purchase! more benefits: hyaluronic acid boosts moisture levels and vitamin e delivers antioxidant protection pore-blurring pigments diffuse the look of imperfections natural, buildable coverage longwearing, sweatproof, and transfer-proof free of oils, fragrances, and parabens she is sold out! we adore you beauties for already snapping up all the alondra's fave lip duos on our site! head to @beautybaycom to grab it now, or get ready to shop @ultabeauty this sunday 214! would you be my gabrielle？ february 14th. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. thanks, @ms.marjon, for showing our collection some love get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com @laulaucstr is ready for with this dreamy, smoked out glam she uses our brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen 2 me, luv me shadow palette to get the look now through 212, get 30 off select valentine's day beauty including our hydrating core lip shines and ride or die lip balms! tap to shop! give your skin the boost it craves. concealer and foundation delivers all day hydration to revitalize and brighten the look of fatigued skin. @alexissundman wears tan 310. artistry and photography by: @morganemartini join us in congratulating our @maddieziegler for her @kidschoiceawards nomination! dreaming of this smokey purple by @makeupbyzerina she grooms and sets her brows using our new brow glue available online at nyxcosmetics.com ace your base for a flawless face join @heidyasanchez and @nicamarcello as they share how to get a flawless base for your makeup using their foundations of choice: and then, they'll teach you how to get a stunning eye look perfect your pout just in time for a video-chat on valentine's day or any other special moments you have coming up! tap to learn more. join us in congratulating our @jamescharles for his @kidschoiceawards nomination! we love to see it! what palette shade did james' use for his lashes? game on, babe level up your glam with our let's play mini eye shadow palette with 8 fully-charged shades that smell like bubble gum! bon appetit! our bffs are celebrating drop day with their new collection! tune in to @alondradessy’s ig live at 5:30pm pst 8:30pm est to get in on the party including a full grwm glam from all of us at benefit cosmetics, we wish you and your loved ones a happy lunar new year may the year of the ox bring wonderful new beginnings, prosperity, good health joy. however, we can’t celebrate the new year without acknowledging and condemning the rise in anti-asian hate crimes happening around the world, particularly in our own backyard of the bay area. benefit stands with the asian community in bringing to light and putting a stop to the hate, discrimination, and xenophobia. linked below are some resources and accounts to follow: report instances of anti-asian violence at stopaapihate.com @amandangocnguyen @essyli @stopaapihate @compassioninoakland @apen4ej @asianamericangirlclub @asianamericancollective @asianswithattitudes @glambymykaila frames this vibrant, tie-dye with our new brow glue instant brow styler snap this online at nyxcosmetics.com join us in congratulating our @charlidamelio for her @kidschoiceawards nomination! we’re so proud soothing sounds of mint melt shop our mint melt collection @walmart online and in stores and by clicking the @rosemary.wood.121 elys's lip duo is now sold out too! we are floored by all the day 1 love and can't wait to see all your luscious lip looks go grab these lippies now @beautybaycom or on sunday @ultabeauty before they're all gone for good serious brow power, @traceydoesmakeup she amps up her brow look using and brow highlighter! spend an extraordinary valentine's day wih a few nourishing drops of our extraordinary oil nourishing serum! indulge in a moment of pure luxury that will leave your hair looking soft, shiny and weightless. getting us in the mood for valentines day, we have @iheartrevolution taking over our grid today to tell us all about this new drops! first up!, you're so golden with three new additions to our range of heartbreakers highlighters, there's a shade for every skin tone to create a super shimmery look graceful top left⁣ divine top right⁣ golden bottom it's almost valentine's day, beauties! with our magic fix you don't have to fear consequences when kissing. it coats your lips like an invisible protective shield and seals your lipstick in place. the natural ingredients prevent lipsticks from transferring or bleeding into fine lines around the lips.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ shown:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°803 truly love⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°967 rosewood shimmer⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°833 lingering rose⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ valentine’s day. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. which is your favourite from the new @iheartrevolution heartbreakers palettes? let us know via emoji in the comments wishing for beautiful skin? make your skincare dreams come true with our limited edition face serum, all dressed up in red packaging for the year of the ox! beauty comes from within. channeling the strength, courage and dignity of incredible black changemakers like ruby dee all month long. what type of valentine's day pout do you like? our collection has something for all lips get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com @nailasworld has created 3 stunning eye looks using the 3 new heartbreakers eyeshadow palettes which is your favourite? candyfloss, plush, or joy swipe to see them all and drop a comment below to vote add a little color and a lot of pink to your look this valentine’s day with these becca must-haves in our most romantic shades. mineral blush in flowerchild light gleam liquid eyeshadow in refract ultimate lipstick love in rosewood pressed highlighter in rose quartz no filter. no retouching. just flawless! @barebeautycass from the bareminerals team is looking luminous in new original liquid mineral foundation. find your match with our virtual try on. go into your v-day with a bold lip! our melted matte lipstick is the perfect finishing touch to capture all the valentine feels. available @shoppersbeauty. happy lunar new year! we’re wishing you good health and good fortune this year have you ever found it hard to have a heart-to-heart discussion with someone? watch the video to discover how @yseult found the courage to reveal her true feelings! giveaway closed! congrats @mkup.by.cely, @jennanyhouse2, @kiwimunch, @brenaedeann, @itsnaddd! thank you to everyone who participated! we've teamed up with @dragunbeauty the mother of draguns to give 5 lucky winners everything they need for a transformation! what you'll win: morphe x @nikitadragun artistry palette morphe x @nikitadragun brush set @dragunbeauty dragunglass in nikita @dragunbeauty dragunglass in sus @dragunbeauty forever fantasy setting spray @dragunbeauty lip job liner in 2.0 cc @dragunbeauty dragunwing liquid liner in blackout how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ @dragunbeauty @nikitadragun like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway ends 21520 at 11:59 pm pst. the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 216. happy year of the ox to all of our wishing you good fortune and a prosperous year ahead. @yangmimimi912 we know you guys love our @iheartrevolution loose baking powders, so we can't wait to hear what you think of our heartbreakers loose radiance powder this powder gives skin a radiant glow whilst setting your face in place, so if you're not about that super matte vibe then this is the powder for you watch maggie, @smokyliu, create a luminous look to celebrate chinese new year with a full face of her becca favorites. full breakdown below: first light priming filter under eye brightening corrector backlight priming filter ultimate coverage 24 hour foundation ultimate coverage longwear concealer sunlit bronzer luminous blush shimmering skin perfector pressed highlighter light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow hydra-mist set refresh powder ultimate lipstick love get you a foundation that is long-wearing, water-proof, and transfer-proof our can't stop won't stop foundation checks the list shop this fave at nyxcosmetics.com @makeupshayla is the textbook definition of perfection in: foundation in shade 26 bronzer in phantom in school girl foundation gets you the coverage you need with hyaluronic skin benefits for only $20, exclusively available @ultabeauty! get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every purchase at for a limited time issa lunar new year party! celebrate with @xixiyang on our ig live today 11:30am pst 2:30pm est experience the force join us as we reveal the biggest drop of the year at our live virtual launch party! we have some huge surprises in store, so save the date 218 and make sure to sign up for the guest list at the link in our bio! what to expect: an exclusive look at newness surprise musical guest virtual goody bags for all attendees february 14th. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. 100 agree: with skin looks healthy, not heavy. feels creamy, not cakey. the result is a super smooth, even look. available online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. shade shown: tan 390. based on an independent consumer study on 31 volunteers, immediately after application. face the light and the shadow will always be behind you @mimles has us mesmerized with this ⁣⁣illusion makeup she uses our epic ink liner soft matte lip cream to create this celebratory look beauty babe @jackiewyers makes her pout plump and shine with our lip injection maximum plump! no one does date night makeup better than @haileybieber. get v-day ready with her easy how-to that's sultry and sweet but still natural. original liquid mineral foundation hailey’s shade is golden medium 14 mineral veil finishing powder gen nude eyeshadow palette latte using shades solstice, feels and destiny strength length serum-infused mascara strength length serum-infused clear brow gel bounce blur blush in shade coral cloud barepro longwear lipstick in shade saffron this warm makeup look is gorgeous for every day and boosts your well-being enormously! it doesn't take long to create this look convince yourself! recreate the look: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink image credits: @natascha.lindemann this weeks drop introducing our new @iheartrevolution rosé fizz chocolate palettes we have both an eye and face palette that you need to add to your collection the eyeshadow palette is a confectionary delight of matte and shimmer shades, including neutrals, pink roses, burgundies and gold hues the face palette is a highlighter duo, including a pearlescent coral pink and softer blushed rose gold for a soft subtle highlight, sweep a little product over the cheekbones or glow all out and use both shades for a duotone glow!⁣ both palettes are encased in cute, portable packaging, wrapped in gold dripping chocolate shop now via the link in our bio happy lunar new year! share how you're ringing in the year of the ox below we are so thrilled to work with the talented @nochapiq to kick-start the lunar new year! her technique called “embolduquer”, in french, enhance the iconic format of elixir ultime. thank you, nochapiq, for this beautiful piece of art! happy lunar new year! from daytime neutral to nighttime glam, works double time as a concealer and foundation to deliver flawless longwear coverage. @marithememe wears tan 370. artistry and photography by: @morganemartini we have heart eyes for this look @michelles.artistry wears our can't stop won't stop foundation in 'porcelain' as a base for this romantic so much love and savings! 2 for $15 on all morphe lippies w code liplove on morphe.com morphe stores! we can't believe her eyes. @lalimakeupartist gets this stunning graphic wing using light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in shade refract. valentine’s day. say it with chanel. show your love with an exclusive selection of gifts. enter the year of the ox with the look of energized eyes. containing exclusive our new ultimate diamond transformative eye serum transforms the look of your under-eye area to reveal less puffy, more lifted, and sculpted looking skin. completely love-struck over @sourandnasty's valentine's glam here are the deets: can't stop won't stop foundation in 'warm vanilla' can't stop won't stop contour concealer in 'natural' lift snatch! brow tint pen in 'espresso' 'soft brown' @yanissaxoxo is showing the beauty of a sunset blend w the morphe x @jaclynhill volume ii palette pure glamour @vicmram wears bronzer in caramel toasted for that multidimensional bronze, plus cream-gel in shade 5 to snatch those brows! let’s hear @kameronlester talk about this self-luv journey w @oohweeeg!! the perfect v-day nails do exist! @cofeebreakwithdani used our nail color in cotton candy to create these adorable nails get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com love is in the air whether you're chilling at home with your boo or celebrating virtually with your gals, our be my lover palette better than sex mascara are the perfect valentine's day essentials! what's your brow style? swipe up on our brow highlight story to find out grab killer brows for $6: you don't have to worry about burnout with nail colors! they dry in 40 seconds and last 5 days for speedy, lasting color get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com christy on how she's celebrating the year of the ox from home, with a little help from her becca favorites: for lunar new year, i usually celebrate it by having a very big dinner with my extended family, but this year will be a bit different since it will just be with my immediate family at home. a makeup tip would be finishing a look with a bold red lipstick because red has such an important meaning in chinese culture representing good fortune and happiness @asian.crystal christy wears pressed highlighter in rose quartz. @thelondonhughes is lighting up the night in limted edition lunar new year: 2021 edit shadows a hit of lunar new year: omg glitter! in gold coin who's celebrating today?! mua: @allanface @strashme gives us major valentine's day vibes with this moment she gets the look rocking a full face of here's the breakdown: shine loud high shine lip color in 'global citizen' brow glue lift snatch brow tint pen modern dreamer shadow palette marshmellow smoothing primer can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation can't stop won't stop concealer hd studio finishing powder what are your plans? tell us below @bribri.tx is sending our hearts a flutter w morphe x @jaclynhill volume ii palette @suvabeauty in cherry bomb get your full coverage fix with caffeine concealer and foundation. suitable for all skin types, our 2-in-1 multitasker blends seamlessly for brighter, re-energized skin. @alissasugawara wears medium 280. @marithememe wears tan 370. @maryelsousa wears light 110. we are deeply saddened by the rising hate crimes against the asian community. collectively, we must rise up against racial injustice. e.l.f. stands with every eye, lip and face. it’s in our name and it inspires us as a company. we are deeply committed to diversity, equality and inclusion, and we are committed to supporting marginalized communities and taking action. our chairman and ceo tarang amin recently shared how we will use our voice and our platform to lift up the asian community, please visit our link in bio to read. get ready to rock your cheeks our blush, bronze highlight palette is 40 off at @sephora, now through 214! don’t let anything prevent you from looking your best this valentine’s day! our infaillible 24hr freshwear foundation is filled with transfer-resistant power that will keep you looking ultra-fresh around the clock. what's your @kayali product must-have? let us know in the comments below repost @fabbeautyboss love the @hudabeauty naughty nude palette its so elegant and pigmented. @makeupbysofina products used: eyeshadow palette shade @hudabeautyshop water jelly hydrating primer power bullet matte lipstick in ladies night available now kiss goodbye to dry chapped lips with the revolution kiss care lip revival set whatever the weather, you’ll be set with this 3-step lip set formulated with jojoba oil, shea butter vitamin e for extra care and nourishment shahira from team revolution shows us the 3 steps!⁣ step pucker up and polish away dry skin with step one, the sugar polish.⁣ step give your lips a lick of love with the conditioner.⁣ step prep your lips with the enhancer⁣ available now kiss goodbye to dry chapped lips with the revolution kiss care lip revival set whatever the weather, you’ll be set with this 3-step lip set formulated with jojoba oil, shea butter vitamin e for extra care and nourishment shahira from team revolution shows us the 3 steps!⁣ step pucker up and polish away dry skin with step one, the sugar polish.⁣ step give your lips a lick of love with the conditioner.⁣ step prep your lips with the enhancer⁣ let's celebrate love for valentine's day with dior makeup! love is multifaceted. send virtual kisses to your loved ones! makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. this valentine's we're plumping our lips with our iconic high-shine lip glosses which one is your favourite: shimmer bomb or pout bomb drop the emoji to let us know available in 30 shades for all skin types and tones, there’s a perfect fit for everyone. what shade of original liquid mineral foundation are you wearing? @ultabeauty new launch are you ready for some lip tlc with the new revolution rehab overnight lip serum?! nourish your lips with this deeply hydrating and moisturising formula enriched with mango butter and hyaluronic, your lips will remain hydrated throughout the night and day cruelty-free and vegan pretty? yes. perfect? hell yes @lovelyseven’s full face of cakeless concealer in shade 6 volumizing gel air stick foundation in shade 7 matte bronzer blush highlighting pencil super setter setting spray show yourself some love and self-care this valentine's day with nourished, hydrated lips. hydra-light plumping lip mask is a leave-on lip mask infused with hyaluronic acid and a plumping peptide to smooth and plump lips. stun on 'em with neutral tones plus sultry pops of color the flow of the new bff 20 color shadow palette was designed for fully curated looks each row across includes a transition, crease and lid shade! who's bagging?! spritz a little something special to celebrate valentine's day. whether it's a beautiful romantic favorite or a moment of pleasure for your galentine you can find the perfect gift for someone special. tap to shop! let's get it on! take 30 off our 35xo natural flirt artistry palette for the day of love. use code: take30 on morphe.com uscaau for a limited time! it's the sexiest day of the year, babe! happy international better than sex day! grab your better than sex mascara and celebrate the mascara that changed the world!! true love. flirt with dewy skin and rosy pinks for a feminine, naturally smitten look. step 1. moisturise and prep for makeup with hydra beauty micro sérum. apply onto clean, dry skin, smoothing from the center of your face outward. step 2. apply les beiges water-fresh tint with the included brush, first mixing the foundation on the back of your hand. then, buff it into skin using a circular motion for a natural-looking finish. step 3. dab les beiges stick blush n°23 onto cheekbones straight from the stick. tap to blend with your fingers and let it melt into skin for flushed cheeks. step 4. using the pinceau ombreur plat eyeshadow brush n°202, apply the light beige from les 4 ombres in clair-obscur to the entire eyelid. step 5. using retractable dual ended eyeshadow brush n°200 apply the medium brown shade from les 4 ombres in clair-obscur into the crease of the upper eyelid and along the bottom lash line using pinceau ombreur contour n°203. step 6. coat top lashes with le volume stretch de chanel mascara in noir. step 7. finally, colour lips with rouge coco flash in freeze. @loanenormand a self-care moment for galentine's day show some love to your galentine in the comments holy hydration! daily cleanser: a gel-based foaming cleanser that helps wash away excess oil, impurities and makeup supertone toner: a gentle daily face toner that helps remove dead skin cells to reveal a more radiant complexion holy hydration! eye cream: a rich eye cream that deeply moisturizes the eye area while minimizing dark circles. superhydrate: this gel moisturizer quickly seeps into the skin for smooth, non-greasy hydration and bouncy, plump-looking skin. tap to shop! roses are red, violets are blue, all we gotta say to @glamxbrit in bellini blush is... come thruuu shhhhh...don't tell anybody, @cindybruna has a secret crush! watch her video confession till the end to find out who it is... volume up @theyawndawn blended to perfection giving us a major hydrated, filter effect finish! for a limited time get a free e63 wide-angle foundation brush $16 value w every full-size $20 usd purchase, exclusively at @ultabeauty! this colourbook cb04 is packed with pinks, purples, lilacs and mauve tones perfect for the month of love! with 48 high payoff hues 24 shimmer hues on the left and 24 matching matte shades on the right, it’s the hardback edition you’ll want in your collection there’s even a bookmark divider in the centre of the case to stop loose pigments from transferring to each other cruelty free⁣⁣ vegan if you could write a letter to your younger self, what would you say? shop the 2 me, luv me collection for a limited time online at nyxcosmetics.com the wait is coming to an end! launches 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us only! morphe filter effect foundation an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation crafted in italy for the ultimate soft-focus, filter-effect look and powered by high-performing, skin-perfecting ingredients. microfiber beauty sponge create a smooth, natural-looking finish with this velvety microfiber sponge. e63 wide angle foundation brush foundation, bronzer, and contour have met their match—this brush can find and blend out every area on your face. @dupethat can your plans keep up with our endless lip looks? get your lips ready with our favorites, just like @esteeprokaitlynturlin. from subtle nudes to vivid reds and deep plums, our gorgeous shades will have you sending virtual kisses to all your valentines or galentines shades: irresistible 440, red noir 522, poppy sauvage 300, insolent plum 450 better than sex day giveaway! winners have been contacted via dm to celebrate the iconic formula that gives you mind-blowing lashes every time, we’re giving 5 lucky winners an entire year’s worth of better than sex mascara! good luck beauties!⁣ how to enter:⁣ like save this post⁣ follow @toofaced⁣ tag a bff who loves better than sex!⁣ bonus entry: like our last 3 posts⁣ winners will be contacted via dm.⁣ sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways cute, quality, and affordable! thanks for the love, @alexisgabriela making us blush over here get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com kiss me. create the fresh look of love. a dewy complexion meets rosy tones for the perfect pairing. dressing skin in hydra beauty micro sérum and les beiges water-fresh tint creates a luminous effect that is complimented by pink cheeks made rosy with les beiges stick blush n°23 and lips coated with rouge coco flash in freeze. get the eyes: le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir les 4 ombres n°308 clair-obscur @loanenormand @dearyoungqueen presents @askashleypodcast self love edition @thesuskiegoldeffect on finding joy right now: one thing that brings me joy is been able spend quality time with loved ones. it’s priceless, because the joy you feel at that very instance is one of a kind @thesuskiegoldeffect s.thaïs wears ultimate lipstick love in scarlet mua @adamburrell created @lia.lizaa’s glowing look with new original liquid mineral foundation spf 20 in shade 18 medium tan. swipe to watch the dot, sweep and press application technique. @sephora ⁣to celebrate us hitting 3million followers, it is competition time⁣ we are giving away a revolution haul worth over £€$1000! to enter:⁣⁣ like this post comment on our last 3 posts⁣⁣ tag 3 friends on this post so they don't miss out share on your stories for an extra entry ​make sure you are following @makeuprevolution we'll be checking!⁣⁣⁣⁣ good luck!⁣ tcs:⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ this competition is open internationally to anyone aged 18＋. closes at 11.59pm gmt on sunday 21st february 2021. one winner will be chosen at random by the revolution team. if you’ve won, we’ll let you know via a private instagram message within 5 days of the competition closing. the winner will receive £1000 worth of revolution products across all brands, not same products as shown on image. the prize is as stated, and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. the prizes are not transferable. this promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, instagram.⁣⁣ love letter to your younger self: andrea in the wise words of pro artist @andreasantiago, don't let others dull your shine! if you could go back in time, what would you tell your younger self? 2 me, luv me shadow palette slim lip pencil in 'ever' 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'sorbae' you've got to plump it up! get your skin’s bounce back just in time for the most romantic time of the year with our revitalift hyaluronic acid serum. the golden drop will guarantee you 24h of dazzling shine! give the gift of unmatched shine to your loved ones for the exceptional hair oils of will provide nourishment for soft, healthy and radiant hair! with us this year! www.kerastase.com love is in the air tag your babe and tell 'em you love them! @chloeandcosmetics is giving us all the love w her morphe x @jaclynhill volume ii palette umm hi swatches! check out our stories to see more from our bffs @alondradessy and @elsyguevara be my valentine. treat yourself with a few date-night beauty essentials. get the essentials: hydra beauty micro sérum les beiges water-fresh tint les beiges stick blush n°23 les 4 ombres n°308 clair-obscur le volume stretch de chanel mascara n°10 noir rouge coco flash n°118 freeze which shade name from the morphe x @jaclynhill palette volume ii is describing how you feel rn? [don't miss our 30 sale this weekend] @ashleyhawmakeup we’re dropping something extremely powerful 218 exclusively on instagram hint hint: it’s magnetic we have some huge surprises in store, so save the date 218 and make sure to sign up for the guest list at the link in our bio! @chassydimitra swipes on our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'shake things up' shop this viral lippie in our limited edition x @princessnokia lip kit exclusively at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty add a special touch to your galentine’s day gifting with personalized @aerin bottles! a thoughtful, personal way to say “i love you” to your nearest dearest, even while apart. note: engraving varies by location, check with your local estée lauder for details on availability near you. the love for neutrals is real w @rowisingh in sweet tea in famous like the perfect cup of coffee, re-energizes and brightens tired skin instantly. our 2-in-1 concealer and foundation serves up crease-resistant full coverage. @alissasugawara wears medium 280. artistry by: @morganemartini photography by: @darrencottaphoto @margiezank puts our new shine loud high shine lip color in ‘shake things up’ to the ultimate torture test cop this bold, transfer-proof lippie in our ‘y2k hottie’ lip kit from the limited edition x @princessnokia collection lips with a hint of mint mint melt lip plumping gloss in a hint of mint plumps and hydrates in one swipe for smooth, super shiny lips. tap to shop for $4, also available @walmart tag someone you want to start a conversation with don't forget to shope this weekend's 30 sale off everything including collab palettes @emirymyshell soothing oat extract, stimulating caffeine and super-nourishing coconut give a triple-shot of skincare inspiration. available in 30 shades online at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. nothin' but love for @sananas2106's lashes on international better than sex day! she dressed up the 1-selling prestige mascara in america with the most fashionable luxe alligator design ever! one day until treat your valentine or yourself to our valentine's day collection, filled with the tried and true products you love. get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com don't forget this weekend's 30 sale off everything including collab palettes. @makeupbyscarlettwood we're all hearts for this lip combo pro artist @beccalynzmua uses our shine loud high shine lip color in 'shake things up' 'rebel in red', 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'sorbae', and shaped glitter in 'cosmic love' to complete this sweet lippie i'd pick you over any day fill in the blank @annieedwardsbeauty is giving us all the little details with lots of love using our in blank slate in high voltage hearts in our eyes @makeupbylourose in trendy in tokyo 16 color shadow palette luminous putty primer is so smooth and glowy luminous putty primer gives a soft, radiant base and is infused with hyaluronic acid and vegan collagen to help plump and hydrate the skin tap to shop for $8 @edenvonweiss flawless before, flawless after @smithadepak blurs pores fine lines and sets her look with the porefessional face primer and the porefessional: super setter! charcuterie dessert board happy valentines day nails by @so.dubai win, win, win one of our three perfect color lipsticks n°803 truly love!! happy valentine, beauties! conditions of participations:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 1. follow us⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 2. like this post⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 3. tag your valentine date image credits: @jojadasdiary⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ this raffle runs till february 17th, 2021, 9 pm and is not connected with instagram. the winner will be informed via message afterwards. only people with residence in europe can participate.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @cindybruna is trying on different shades to find her very best brilliant signature! have you found yours yet? try our exclusive filter now and let us know your favorite below! happy valentines day we love all of you, our revolution family tag someone to share the love the new, limited-edition rouge dior for valentine's day is the best way to celebrate love on this special day. try it now! rouge dior 999 satin in celebration of love our product team have picked their most loved products this february! head over to our blog to find out why the team chose these products revolution skincare brightening boost moisture cream with ginseng⁣ makeup revolution superfix misting setting spray⁣ i heart revolution spellbooks love spells⁣ revolution skincare charcoal purifying face mask⁣ revolution pro new neutral satin matte lipstick stiletto⁣ revolution skincare make up remover cushions hearts fall in love again with your hair with our new rouge limited edition and fall in love with our most recent collaboration with the parisian artist @nochapiq happy valentine's day www.kerastase.com the only valentine's day gift we love more than chocolate hearts… your perfect valentines day combo double tap if you agree!⁣ did you know we have a whole revolution home range with scented candles, and matching room fragrances? happy valentine's day, wild ones! be sure to checkout our collection, made up of our most beloved products get it @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com is now available @ultabeauty! build layer for instant volume lashes don't flake curvaceous brush coats even the smallest lashes preps lashes for ultimate volume⁣ conditions lashes for mascara application⁣ intensifies color of mascara⁣ @sarakdz sweet talk me. dress to impress with flawless-looking skin, groomed brows and kissable lips. step 1. using foundation brush n°100, apply boy de chanel foundation smoothing from the center of your face outwards for light to medium coverage. step 2. apply boy de chanel concealer straight from the stick under eyes and on any imperfections to brighten and conceal. dab in with finger and blend using pinceau duo correcteur retractable n°105. step 3. coat lips in boy de chanel lip balm. step 4. fill in brows using boy de chanel eyebrow pencil creating upward short strokes. brush the hairs upwards using the spoolie brush at the end of the pencil. @christophar you make our heart skip a beat tag your valentine below to share the e.l.f. love tap to shop our sheer tinted hydrating core lip shines infused with lip-loving ingredients @kimjluv put the glow in @prettydarkchic's skin w our foundation! launches 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us only! red, hot ready for v-day heat up your valentine’s day look with these faves! which too faced products are you reaching for today? tynan has been waiting all year for valentine's day, so he's getting a very flushed, very pink look using all of his becca favorites. @tynanbuck get the look: light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow in lunar and red star luminous blush in foxglove and dahlia pressed highlighter in rose quartz happy valentine's day to all our lovers share your hottest date night galentine's looks with us and tag make a red lip statement with the iconic rouge dior 999 for valentine's day! rouge dior 999 satin dior forever 1n meet your perfect match treat your lashes and lips to our limited-edition valentine’s day themed, color riche lip color and lash paradise mascara filled with caring ingredients. show them the love and care they deserve! happy we hope that your day is filled with endless amounts of love, whether it be from your partner, friends, or family! tag someone in the comments below that you who are you smooching on this or happy to hue 2 for $15 on all morphe lippies w code liplove on morphe.com morphe stores! we want to hear from you! comment below and let us know! hands are for holding, which is why we've got nail colors for you in tickled pink and sparked get them @walmart @fivebelow and at wetnwildbeauty.com confession: we’re totally attracted to you! we created some valentine’s day cards inspired by our newest product launch coming on 218 send them to your valentine to be the first to find out about our new launch, just tap on the product tag to set your reminder! the magnetic force is coming... closed did somebody same happy valentine's day, beauties! in honor of this day of love, we're treating 1 lucky babe to our limited edition 2 me, luv me collection wanna score these self-love essentials? here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on february 14, 2021 and ends at 9:30 am pt on february 15, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. you’re the one. this valentines day, let the true you shine through. hide surface imperfections with the help of boy de chanel foundation and boy de chanel concealer. pair your new complexion with masculine brows groomed with boy de chanel eyebrow pencil and moisturised lips coated in boy de chanel lip balm. @christophar pamper your pout and show your lips some love on with our fave lip care essentials. tap our lip care 101 ig guide to learn more make v-day the new me day @taylorcassidyj hypes is up with five easy ways to show yourself some love this valentine’s day relationship status: always in love with my galentines the new kid is adjusting just fine. new original liquid mineral foundation is the perfect addition to your routine. find your match with our virtual try on. giving all the kisses to our let’s all take a moment for @misspoppylocks flawless skin: in hint of pecan in glambassador in well red treat yourself to the cutest conversation heart cookies on valentine’s day with this fun and easy recipe! what's your fave v-day sweet treat?! share with us below! new launch revolutionise your haircare routine with the revolution haircare bond plex range! restore, strengthen and condition​⁣ enhances shine and overall hair colour vitality​⁣ helps to reduce frizz for smoother hair​⁣ ​revolution haircare bond plex triple molecular weight protein cascade system has been expertly formulated to target different layers of the hair fibre helping to restore and strengthen damage from within​ revolution plex 3: restore a restoring and conditioning treatment to use before shampooing⁣ revolution plex 4: cleanse a deep and gentle cleansing shampoo to hydrate and care for stressed hair⁣ revolution plex 5: nourish a conditioner to deeply nourish your hair​⁣ revolution plex 6: style protect your hair with this heat protection styling cream whilst helping to reduce frizz revolution plex 3 bond restore treatment⁣ revolution plex 4 bond plex shampoo⁣ revolution plex 5 bond plex conditioner⁣ revolution plex 6 bond restore styling cream⁣ £10€11.99£14 each or buy the whole collection and save 25 on our website!⁣ available online at revolutionbeauty.com and online instore at @bootsuk vegan cruelty free suitable for all hair types.​⁣ slssles free the secret to have extra shiny hair like the gorgeous @jastookes? a few drops of the iconic 5 precious oils at the center of its formula will leave your hair looking radiant and ultra-glossy! get yours now at hair-salons.kerastase.com the loving @thelumagrothe just made the most incredible declaration of love! can you guess who was it for? watch the video and all will be revealed tag a babe to wish them a happy @harbsy brought the details to life w her white concealer in c0.00 all yours. treat yourself with a few date-night essentials. get the essentials: boy de chanel foundation boy de chanel lip balm boy de chanel concealer boy de chanel eyebrow pencil don't be afraid to go and dare @clarabmua slays this dreamy glam using our new 2 me, luv me collection here is the breakdown: 2 me, luv me shadow palette epic ink liner matte setting spray glitter goals liquid eyeliner on the rise volume liftscara 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' so juicy @thetaylorcherie wearing our srsly satin lipstick in cherry and lip lacquer in clear for s super shiny lip look tap to shop for $3 to spread the love this v-day, we're giving away 7 signed bff pr boxes! check out our bhcosmeticsofficial to enter take exactly how you like it. dot it on to blend out for all-over coverage medium 230. apply a lighter shade under the eyes for a brighter look medium 210. use a deeper shade to contour tan 330. artistry by: @christianschild model: @zenzenzhang this pucker up with estee lauder’s new illuminating shine in persuasive 333! whether you’re blowing a kiss to someone virtually or kissing irl, your lips will be mine? @maidofbeauty has us swooning over this lippie she slays this festive, glossy lip wearing our butter gloss in 'angel food cake' shaped glitter in 'cosmic love' @sibyllete said: in well red mega in lover our forever bae... the earth as part of our bh cares initiative, we are committed to bringing you the best in cruelty-free products, with a 95 vegan catalog as well as more extra clean options all the time! plus, we're working towards making our makeup and corporate offices more sustainable every day peep our site to learn more! for an extra kick of rich coverage, tap on caffeine concealer and foundation all-over the face using the oversized applicator, then blend out. better than a bouquet of flowers, imo happy valentine’s day, benenabes! @brittanyhuffman which limited edition 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo is your vibe? left: candy clapback right: sorbae cop these glossy lip kits online at nyxcosmetics.com our love language is mini eye shadow palettes shop our be my lover mini palette and let's play mini palette @douglascosmetics! our 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' is a major what do you look for in your lippie combo? glossy nude perfection? or one-swipe, bold pigment? shop these limited edition lip kits online at nyxcosmetics.com this look is a whole mood @juve.hyl is wearing our poreless face primer and 16hr camo concealer in rich ebony and deep cinnamon tap to shop you’re invited to our launch party we’re hosting our first ever virtual launch event on february 18th sign up for a spot on the guest list at the link in our bio! what’s in it for you: a first look at the year’s biggest launch surprise musical guest virtual goody bags for all attendees especially when we are wearing a mask we like to focus on our eyes. will you recreate this lovely eye look for the upcoming spring season? step 1:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ prepare your eyelid with our eyeshadow base.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 2:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ make the lash line appear fuller by applying eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate with a small brush. step 3:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blend the eyelid line with eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush in order to create a soft gradient.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ step 4:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ continue your look by applying eyeshadow n°55 pearly mint green on your lower lash line. if you feel comfortable apply a turquoise kajal or eyeshadow n°55 on your waterline. apply your favorite mascara and your look is complete. image credits: @beauty.by.miri⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ matching eyes and lips for a everyday makeup swipe left! products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink perfect color lipstick n°961 pink bouquet image credits: @natascha.lindemann l'oréal paris does not test any of its products or any of its ingredients on animals. our laboratories have pioneered the development of alternative tests, like reconstructed skin methods, now used by the entire cosmetics industry. more information link in bio www.lorealparis.co.ukthe-other-side how to make the iconic even more iconic? with a touch of art, of course! we are obsessed with the talent of the parisian artist @nochapiq we love your art, thank you so much for sharing this video! did you see we have new @revolutionskincare sets on revolutionbeauty.com?⁣ swipe to see a preview hit the link in bio to shop, save up to 30 saving in each set! bhm 2021 did you catch our bhm lives with @thebrooksbrother @theplasticboy @ericafmstyle head over to our igtv to catch up on some incredible and important conversations surrounding the beauty industry and blackness! get that salon fresh look with the ultimate nude gel nails collection a salon quality colour with a high pigment chip resistant gel like finish.⁣ full coverage in just 1 coat and no uv light needed!⁣ with a wide flat brush for easy application discover creamy, caffeine-infused coverage for a visibly brighter, smoother, more even complexion. is your go-to multitasker for a refreshed, flawless look. @zenzenzhang wears medium 230 all-over, medium 210 under eyes, and tan 330 contour. artistry by: @christianschild photography by: @benjaminbecker chanel 634 arancio vibrante love is a battlefield conquer it like @ambersingletary with our megalast catsuit in missy fierce! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com delorean on what's bringing her joy: spending time with my family and experimenting with new makeup! lately i've been loving minimal makeup that’s quick and easy! i’ve been using the becca zero no pigment virtual foundation a lot for a clean look and light bronzing with maui nights! i've also started journaling in the morning and night for a healthier mindset. @bbnaph delorean wears ultimate lipstick love in ruby get glossy make a statement when wearing kissable lip shine or oil-infused lip shine. it adds just the right amount of sass to any makeup look. tap to shop! strengthen your skin barrier with skinlongevity long life herb serum. apply our vegan powerhouse serum after cleansing to prevent and address key signs of aging. @sephora beauty @slimreshae wears our lip injection maximum plump for the plumpest pout ever! putty primer is life these skin-perfecting, poreless primers have a velvety texture that glides effortlessly over the skin, smoothing over imperfections while helping minimize the appearance of pores tap to shop poreless putty primer, luminous putty primer, matte putty primer and the putty primer applicator pastel pink perfection @sskbeautyglam’s step-by-step for this look: for that fluffed up look cream-gel in shade 3.5 to fill cakeless concealer to clean up to brighten the browbone volumizing mascara l'oréal paris does not test any of its products or any of its ingredients on animals. since 1989, we have been pioneering in the development of alternative methods. our scientific experts in skin biology have developed several tools to predict the safety of our ingredients and formulas to avoid testing on animals. one of them consists of testing our products or ingredients on reconstructed skin produced in our episkin labs. more information link in bio www.lorealparis.co.ukthe-other-side 1 day left launches 216 on morphe.com morphe stores us only! morphe filter effect foundation $20usd an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation crafted in italy for the ultimate soft-focus, filter-effect look and powered by high-performing, skin-perfecting ingredients. microfiber beauty sponge create a smooth, natural-looking finish with this velvety microfiber sponge. e63 wide angle foundation brush foundation, bronzer, and contour have met their match—this brush can find and blend out every area on your face. @maquillageitup the new ultimate nudes gel nail polish collection @thenailpolishnerd has tried out every single shade! which shade are you loving the most? it only looks expensive who got their hands on the entire bff alondra elsy collection?! psst the bff 20 color shadow palette is going fast sweet like candy coat your lips in delicious gloss with our limited edition 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' available online at nyxcosmetics.com you're always ready for your closeup when you use our high on lash eyelash curler get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com what's your brow style? swipe up on our brow highlight story to find out grab killer brows for $6: repost @huda my brow journey which is your fav? something coming.............stay tuned are you looking for a makeup you can wear every single day? here we go! swipe left to see eyes and lips closer. products used: eyeshadow n°538 matt nude blush eyeshadow n°218 soft brown mauve eyeshadow n°31 pearly rosy fabrics eyeshadow n°399 glam pink treasure high precision liquid liner n°1 black all in one mascara n°1 black blusher n°40 crown pink perfect color lipstick n°955 frosted rose image credits: @natascha.lindemann we're matte about a good finish our born this way matte foundation formula stays completely color true while covering imperfections for an all-day, shine-free look of naturally flawless skin! raise of hands if you're ready for summer luminous setting spray: instantly hydrates skin for up to 16 hours infused with coconut water and apple extract sweat-resistant and humidity-resistant contains glycerin which seals in moisture tropical scent @trendmood1 perfect duo for lips to kiss start your lip care with our lip scrub to get rid of dead skin cells and nourish it intensively afterwards with our multi-active lip balm to make your lips soft and smooth. little hint: for every order of our mutli-active lip balm in our online shop you will get a lip scrub for free with the code softlips valid from january 25th, 2021 till february 28th, 2021.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ @kameronlester is servin' up major self-love energy he uses our new 2 me, luv me shadow palette lip gloss duo to get this frosted lilac look swatches that have us soaring @ohemaabonsu in apres in aspen 6 color highlighter palette and lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette why pick when you can have both? the ultimate nudes palettes are giving us some serious fomo featuring a selection of buttery soft brown nudes and gorgeous glittery pigments, they are an essential in our makeup bag @aboutsomethingpretty never without her an all time favorite for our beautiful @sindiarifi smooth your locks and give them high-shine finish with the iconic huile originale. get yours now at the nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com l'oréal paris does not test any of its products or any of its ingredients on animals. our episkin reconstructed skin labs in lyon france, shanghai china and rio de janeiro brazil allow the development of alternative tests, now used by the entire cosmetics industry. more information link in bio www.lorealparis.co.ukthe-other-side @autumn.nicole.artistry slays this hot pink moment using our latest obsessions here are the deets: lift snatch brow tint pen brow glue 2 me, luv me shadow palette epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' 2 me, luv me lip gloss duo in 'candy clapback' slim lip pencil in 'mauve' giveaway time win our newest product launch dropping on 218! watch this video for the secret code, then head to our ig stories to enter it for a chance to win! first 50 entries will win, so go, go, go! has tiktok made you buy it yet? @megan.lombardi wears camo cc cream in light 210n for medium-to-full coverage, spf 30 and skin-loving ingredients use the to shop camo cc cream and our complexion duo brush to apply it leave a below if @cakefacerj's artistry using morphe x @nikitadrgun's palette has you captivated it's the marshmellow effect! @melachild keeps her skin smooth hydrated with our marshmellow smoothing primer with a soft whipped texture, this primer dries down totally transparent, adding a soft focus finish with an oversized applicator for quick, all-over coverage, is your go-to multitasker for an even, brightened complexion. all eyes on you, babe the rich mattes lustrous shimmers in the new bff- 20 color shadow palette stay put from zoom meetings to bougie brunches how do we love thee? let us count the ways our the marshmellow smoothing primer has 10 makeup extending benefits: smoothes softens extends makeup wear for 16h hydrates soothes evens tone minimizes texture blurs lines adds a soft focus finish keeps makeup looking fresh in honor of black history month, we’ve partnered with @makeitblackofficial and @pullupforchange to help redefine the word black. we're celebrating the beauty of black with pull up for change offering a limited-edition make it black release of our best-selling continuous setting mist $16 with 100 of the net proceeds benefitting the @pullupforchange impact fund to support black founders. discover more makeitblack.org join the on all social channels! products are sold exclusively in the usa, while supplies last. for more information, please visit www.makeitblack.org. affiliate codes do not apply. here for it @sephora trending: @toofaced’s bestselling better than sex mascara in new, limited-edition packaging designed by your favorite influencers, @iluvsarahii, @makeupshayla, and @chrisspy—just in time for international day double-tap your favorite one. cooling, minty-fresh skin for the win mint melt cooling cleanser: a gentle foam cleanser that removes dirt and impurities, while leaving skin feeling minty fresh mint melt cleansing cloud: a soft, washable, and reusable makeup remover pad just add water mint melt whipped face mask: a whipped, moisturizing face mask that soothes skin with a fresh cooling effect tap to shop available at @walmart what do you look for in a primer? @iya applies our new the marshmellow smoothing primer as a base for this gorgeous everyday slay shop our 10-in-1 super primer online at nyxcosmetics.com let’s all take a moment for @nikkietutorials' skin launches tomorrow 216 on morphe.com morphe stores u.s. only! morphe filter effect foundation $20 an oil-free, skincare-infused 12-hour wearing foundation crafted in italy for the ultimate soft-focus, filter-effect look and powered by high-performing, skin-perfecting ingredients. keep your complexion bright from day to night with our 2-in-1 concealer and foundation delivers longwear full coverage. artistry and photography by: @morganemartini. one product wonder: our brow gel @officiallyquigley we love to emphasize your unique beauty with our products. our go-to for this blonde beauty are glossy lips combined with soft smokey brown eyes! get the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°374 glam golden city⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°22 pearly golden caramel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadows n°242 pearly brown illusion⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°18 beige rose blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ hydra lip booster n°20 transculent sparkling muse⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer:@inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @hair.and.makeupartist.sarah⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ have you heard about the powder that broke the internet? the infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder has been making waves across the web due to its ability to resist transfer and water! get ready to become more infaillible than you think... the forever flawless range from makeup revolution had the best packaging ever! @makeupfordays22 double tap if you agree! some forever flawless love! @beauty.by.taiba is showing us some love using the forever flawless chilled with cannabis sativa palette drop a in the comments if you love this palette as much as we do! some forever flawless love! @beauty.by.taiba is showing us some love using the forever flawless chilled with cannabis sativa palette drop a in the comments if you love this palette as much as we do! @lovemerileym was always wary of retinol and the peeling, itching and flaking it can cause. new ageless 10 phyto-retinol night concentrate works just as well, and its gentle plant-powered formula doesn’t bother riley’s skin. @macys bronzer or blush?! warning: magnetic field disturbance a powerful new product has been detected! to proceed to our virtual launch event, sign up at the link in bio the magnetic force is coming... that glow! those lips! @ashlydanielaa is wearing megaglo blushlighter in i met someone and mega last matte lip color in sasspot red get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com gently scrub away dry, chapped skin with our lip exfoliator featuring a sweet sugar and smoothing sensation, infused with vitamin e, shea butter, avocado, grape and jojoba oils tap to shop for $4 take some time for yourself and give your nails a spa treatment. our art couture nail lacquer n°673 red volcano is a classic feminine shade that will look fabulous any day. one killer formula experience total control with this ultra-creamy formula that locks down for 36 killer hours!! nothing stacks up to the forever flawless pancakes... sorry, palettes. we pancake our eyes off @skodulka 's complete collection! tag a palettepancake lover! covers like a liquid, mattifies like a powder you deserve a weightless powder that offers full coverage with a natural, matte finish that looks fresh hour after hour a pop of color pulls the whole look together. @ndondero gets video ready with instantly hydrating, pure color wearing ultimate lipstick love in shade dusk. repost @wishfulskin @huda we have the most kind, real, creative, honest, happy, inspiring and truly beautiful community. let’s keep sharing real skin pores, scars, breakouts, dark spots and all i love you guys soooo much i’m so thankful for you filter effect soft-focus foundation $20usd is now available on morphe.com morphe stores us only! an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation that delivers a natural finish for healthy-looking skin. available in 40 shades microfiber beauty sponge free w foundation purchase! create a smooth, natural-looking finish with this velvety microfiber sponge. e63 wide angle foundation brush foundation, bronzer, and contour have met their match—this brush can find and blend out every area on your face. a lil tuesday makeup inspo @lazybonesbeauty slays this whimsical using our lift snatch! brow tint pen in 'espresso' brow glue instant brow styler epic wear liquid liner in 'white' 20 vegan extra clean shades for you and your bff for only $24! don’t forget the neck. our new ageless phyto-retinol collection wouldn’t be complete without a neck cream. the formula is clinically shown to dramatically reduce the appearance of wrinkles and crepiness in just one week. we are living for this gorgeous glam @ccclarke wears our born this way foundation shade golden beige for a naturally flawless finish! conceal and perfect. caffeine infused. creamy full coverage. serves up natural-looking coverage to instantly conceal dark circles, blemishes and redness. available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. @frankiepdarling slays fierce, feathery brows using our new lift snatch! brow tint pen snag this online at nyxcosmetics.com @makeupshayla said hi healthy-glowy skin in our new filter-effect foundation, an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation $20 now available on morphe.com select morphe stores! fighting off the mid-week blues with a healthy dose of greens forever flawless chilled with cannabis sativa is our favourite mix of 18 earthy toned matte, shimmer and pressed glitter powder shadows @light.flares we are incredibly proud to announce that bain hydra-fortifiant has received an elle international beauty awards for best shampoo 2021! thank you @elleusa, we are honoured to receive this award! have you tried it already? www.kerastase.com it's time to flip the script! we're pushing the boundaries of longwear makeup, are you ready for a powder revolution? get all of this with free shipping for two days only on elfcosmetics.com products featured: energizing facial oil mist, putty blush, total face sponge, enhancing lash brow serum, mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint chocolate and camo cc cream tap to shop! @jazupmystyle let's gooo @halfagemini in the new travel series calling all brow queens! have you tried our new lift snatch brow tint pen? up to 16h wear smudge-resistant transfer-resistant formula shop the full shade range online at nyxcosmetics.com @danessamyricks, the mega-talented beauty artist, brought her golden touch on the truly stunning @makeupshayla, as the creative director, photographer, and makeup artist for filter effect soft-focus foundation is an oil-free, skincare-infused foundation that delivers a natural finish for healthy-looking skin. available in 40 shades $20usd on morphe.com morphe stores! benefits: hyaluronic acid boosts moisture levels and vitamin e delivers antioxidant protection pore-blurring pigments diffuse the look of imperfections natural, buildable coverage longwearing, sweatproof, and transfer-proof free of oils, fragrances, and parabens luxe formula crafted in italy pretty in pastel @nyane serves this magical wearing our born to glow radiant foundation in 'caramel' epic ink liner @wesleybenjamincarter delivers a natural finish w our newly launched vibrant colors from the palette save the date the magnetic force is coming... we’re dropping our biggest launch of the year on 218 tap on the product tag to be the first to find out what it is and set your reminder! the magnetic force is coming... @raincornelius compliments this sleek lilac liner with our og epic ink liner what's your fave look to do with this holy grail liner? that's not a filter, that's light shifter finishing veil. ines wears light shifter finishing veil over light shifter dewing tint giving her skin a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. dip into ultimate diamond creme rich deeply nourishes and transforms the look of your skin with the power of our exclusive our glosses are poppin' drench your lips in plush, juicy color with our lip injection lip gloss! this product is a life saver acne fighting spot gel is packed with active ingredients salicylic acid, camphor and tea tree, to help dry breakouts and kill bacteria. plus, witch hazel, green tea and aloe to hydrate the skin and soothe swelling tap to shop for $3! for a limited-time grab both the filter effect brush microfiber sponge for only $18! run don't walk to morphe.com! the filter effect brush sponge duo: microfiber beauty sponge create a smooth, natural-looking finish with this velvety microfiber sponge. e63 wide angle foundation brush foundation, bronzer, and contour have met their match—this brush can find and blend out every area on your face. the details though @makeupbymeve completes this intricate with our epic ink liner inspo @leximaymua a little bts action from our bff shoot with @alondradessy @elsyguevara who wants to recreate their looks?! we took @iluvsarahii into a delightful swipe through to see the palette come to life! the magnetic force is coming... warning: magnetic field disturbance be the first to find out what we’re launching on thursday by tapping the product tag! powered by micronized pigments thanks to its micro grip technology, our infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder will give you a flawless base around the clock that feels weightless, without caking or fading! new launch! world’s first balayage brow pencil! did the balayage hair trend change your life? now the balayage brow pencil will change your brows! create the ultimate balayage brow effect with this duel toned, duel-ended pencil step 1: outline and create your desired brow shape with the angled pencil⁣ step 2: softly fill in any sparse areas of the brow with the angled pencil⁣ step 3: create fine hair like stokes at the front of the brow with the micro pencil end, the subtly lighter shade creates a natural looking balayage brow⁣ step 4: perfectly diffuse fluff with the dense brush to complete⁣ available now £€$7.99 in 3 shades⁣ cruelty free vegan flawless balayage brows all day! @sydneypurl shows us how to achieve this brow look using the new balayage brow pencil with our soap care that launched last week save this tutorial for later chanel 528 rouge puissant obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the stunning sophia @sophiahadjipanteli grace jones @gracejonesofficial obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the gorgeous violet chachki @violetchachki priyanka chopra jonas @priyankachopra obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the gorgeous dan levy @instadanjlevy alek wek @msalekwek obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the amazing awkwafina @awkwafina marilyn monroe obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the stunning brooke shields @brookeshields lena waithe @lenawaithe obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the amazing rosie huntington-whiteley @rosiehw marlene dietrich obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the stunning sophia loren laverne cox @lavernecox obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the beautiful naomi campbell @naomi pony park hye-min @ponysmakeup obsessed with these brow legends!! all brows are beautiful in their own way. featuring the these gorgeous icons frida kahlo twiggy get the brows you've always wanted with brow-sessive brow pencils, available in 3 shades for just $2.99 get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com get @thetennillelife’s naturally luminous look with a little dot, sweep and press of new original liquid mineral foundation spf 20. @sephora dreaming of summer days ahead bite size eyeshadow in berry bad is thriving in the sun with a mix of ultra-pigmented matte and shimmer shades tap to shop for $3 @just.me.mk see skin in a satiny new light. light shifter finishing veil is a weightless setting powder that gives a satiny, smooth, filtered finish. with coverage so sheer, the shades are flexible to work on a range of skin tones. ready, set, glow our kitty likes to scratch mini eye shadow palette is just a tap away with ig checkout! tap to shop directly through instagram. tomorrow our newest innovation is almost here tap on the tag and click “set reminder” to learn all about her the minute she drops! the magnetic force is coming... our first ever brow product is here!! meet microshade pencil! it has the thinnest tip possible for a brow pencil and the most natural hair-like strokes. the full reveal my first ever tutorial is up on youtube link in bio. can't wait to hear what you think my loves do you see that natural, matte finish? our on tik tok has been going crazy over our infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder! why? in one-step it creates a flawless finish and controls the appearance of shine, oil redness. which one of your friends would this product? the world's first revolution balayage brow double ended with a lighter and darker shade to help create depth and includes a brush to fluff and diffuse your look everything you need to create the ultimate balayage brow in one place sooooo pumped to finally share with you guys our first ever brow product, microshade pencil. ever since i was 12, i was obsessed with my brows, so much so that to this day i feel naked without them on. when the team i started this journey, it was so important to me that our first ever brow product would let you create any brow shape or style you wanted. so the team i made the thinnest tip possible for a brow pencil 0.9mm literally as thin as a pin that gives the most realistic, hair-like strokes for you to fill, style and own your can't wait to hear what you think my loves! head to youtube for the full reveal my first ever tutorial link in bio omg!! can’t believe we’ve just revealed our first ever brow product… microshade brow pencil create true works of arch with the the thinnest tip possible for a brow pencil 0.9mm that gives the most realistic, hair-like strokes you get from a pen, with the blendability and ease of a pencil like microblading without the pain! it's also waterproof, smudge-proof, super long wearing 24 hours, no transfer and comes in 8 stretchable shades. head to youtube for the full reveal my first ever tutorial link in bio. launching feb 23 everywhere! we are celebrating and honoring black history this month and every month. swipe to see our updates on our racial equity commitments. we are committed to celebrating and amplifying black women and all women from every background, age and ethnicity. we look forward to continuing this journey with all our because we are all your fave 9-pans are back and now snatched to the nines with their gorgeous new colors now on morphe.com morphe stores! meet them all: 9w smoke shadow 9h hot for hue 9c color me cool 9t neutral terriority 9j just a crush 9v vintage rose 9s so chill 9l lavendaze 9d painted desert 9k khaki calling we are obsessed with @leesondra’s brows she’s using our new brow-sessive brow pencil in dark brown and brow-sessive shaping gel in clear get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com which one of our latest launches are you eyeing? regram @maquillageitup carnival may have been cancelled this year, but we can still vibe to the rhythm of brazil at home btw you can get the entire tmbtb collection for 50 off on our site now ready for some real talk w @oohweeeg @heysharonc, leader of @uomabeauty, @pullupforchange @makeitblackofficial the new balayage brow pen! @meghanbethh shows us that light to dark effect with the new balayage brow pencil another way to show you were born this way go nude with the sultry metallic, shimmer, and sparkle shades in our born this way eye shadow palette. tap to shop via ig checkout! the one product @haileybieber reaches for every day? new original liquid mineral foundation. be a mermaid or fairy @jantoski23 the bain hydra-fortifiant is an anti hair-fall fortifying shampoo for weakened hair, prone to falling due to breakage. it gently clarifies and reinforces fiber to reduce the risk of hair-fall due to breakage. this ultra-delicate formula is ideal for fine or greasy hair to remove sebum and pollution particles from scalp and fiber. its gentle cleansing action soothes and hydrates hair from root to tip, leaving a lightweight feel. how to apply? 1. wet hair then thoroughly remove excess water before applying a quarter-sized amount of shampoo touch by touch onto 5 key zones of the hair. 2. add water and emulsify. focus this first wash on the scalp using finger tips to massage the scalp and remove impurities. rinse thoroughly. 3. apply a second quarter-sized amount of shampoo touch by touch and add water. the second lather will produce a more abundant foam which will help cleanse lengths all the way to the ends. 4. rinse thoroughly. find your anti fall routine at www.kerastase.com genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. our mint melt no budge eyeshadow sticks feature high-pigment, workable color with stay-put power. the creamy formula applies smoothly as an eyeshadow or liner so you can effortlessly create any look- from subtly shimmery or matte to bold shades names: mint for you ice crème melt with me tap to shop for only $5, also available exclusively @walmart drop a if your favorite palette is the did you know today is random act of kindness day?! winners have been contacted via dm we’re so grateful for all of you to celebrate, we’re going to treat 3 lucky babes to an act of kindness! tag your bffs below who deserve an act of kindness tell us why! how to enter:⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ follow @toofaced tag someone who deserves an act of kindness comment why⁣ bonus entries: comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ us only giveaway ends 218 the winners will be contacted via dm. our new marshmellow primer is the first step to better looking skin infused with marshmallow root extract this primer has 10 skin benefits under its belt... extends makeup wear smoothes softens hydrates soothing feeling evens tone minimises texture appearance reduces appearance of lines soft focus finish keeps makeup fresh shop this online at nyxcosmetics.com the best of all, it's water resistant! when we say it's infaillible we mean it, not even water can stop our infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder from giving you lasting coverage that will stay intact all day. tomorrow the magnetic force is coming... warning: magnetic field disturbance a powerful new product has been detected! tap the product tag to find out what it is! @caterinatriant wears our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation concealer as a base for this gorgeous smoked out transfer-proof your glam with the help of our can't stop won't stop full coverage foundation @tiarramonet serves a flawless matte finish with the shade 'deep cool' @dazzlingtaisha re-created @iluvsarahii's iconic campaign look by @lipsticknick from skincare favorites with @rogerwh0 superclarify cleanser: a gel cleanser that creates a gentle foam that lifts impurities from the skin, revealing a clean, smooth complexion. oil control pore minimizing serum: a lightweight serum to help control excess oil on your face while minimizing the appearance of pores. superhydrate: a hydrating, fast-absorbing gel moisturizer that quickly seeps into the skin for smooth, non-greasy hydration. use the to shop feeling the carnival vibes from our couch loveee @pazsykesmua’s loud lava look in the always bright, always iconic take me back to brazil palette a lil content to relieve the stress shop the full can't stop won't stop collection online at nyxcosmetics.com mic drop meet our new product and catch a magnetizing musical appearance by @arilennox sign up at the link in bio for our virtual launch party—it all goes down tomorrow at 10 am pst, so don’t miss out! how i look when my arrives fill in the blank @makeupshayla played with some color today using: palette what's your shade? swipe right to find your match get the shade that’s perfect for you with this luxe, long-wearing formula that’s crafted in italy and powered by high-performing, skin-perfecting ingredients. available in 40 luxe shades $20 on morphe.com morphe stores! lip smacking blue hues who's tried the bubble gum palette?! it's still available til the last ones melt away defies transfer! we heard your request! the infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder is more than just a powder.. it offers you a blurring effect and all day matte finish that won't budge no matter what. we were on a break, but now we are back! back in stock! and to celebrate you can save 20 on our website on selected lines for a limited time only don't let this be the offer that got away... selected lines only. end 26th february 8am gmt our ultimate go-to for a classy and confident nail that will look good on any day with any outfit- our art couture nail lacquer n°790 pebble-grey oh. my.god. the one where friends x revolution is back in stock! tap link in bio now, and let us know what you pick up! discover the beauty series belle de jour from the latest issue of @bazaaruk shot by @betinadutoit. model @louisegalan makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @taniaratpatron hair by @josephpujalte manicure by @elsadeslandes dior forever 0n 2w dior forever skin correct 1n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown 5 couleurs couture 079 black bow diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow 24h stylo 091 matte black rouge dior 277 osée the kind of feedback we love to receive! thank you all for your trust and love for kerastase! bain hydra-fortifiant is specially designed for fine hair or oily hair with dry lengths. enriched with a potent combination of edelweiss native cells and ginger root, the formula strengthens the fiber for intense resilience to reduce the risk of hair-fall due to breakage. never be afraid of falling again with have you tried it already? www.kerastase.com genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. phyto-retinol is a gentle, natural alternative to retinol. this vegan, plant extract is proven to deliver the same skin-transforming results as retinol without the irritation, reduce the look of fine lines and wrinkles and even the look of skin tone and texture. looking for tips to get glowing in no time? join @rosdraai as she shares how to recharge your radiance in a flash with her favorite tap link in bio to tune in today at 2pm est on esteelauder.com! every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 image 1: the gorgeous varvara uses warm blonde 1 image 2: the stunning kate uses neutral blonde 2 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped there is nothing like the feeling of melting away your makeup at the end of the day our holy hydration! makeup melting cleansing balm is a solid balm that melts into a luxurious oil and turns into a nourishing milk texture that rinses off clean to remove makeup without stripping the skin tap to shop for $10 every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 the handsome pavlo uses caramel blonde 3 this photo has been photoshopped here's a highlight for you today: get an extra 10 off sale items with code: extra10 at wetnwildbeauty.com every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 the gorgeous saskya uses light brown 4 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 image 1: the beautiful ceanie uses soft black 8 image 2: the stunning emilie uses black brown 7 these photos have been photoshopped every brow is beautiful, it's time to own your our first ever brow product, microshade brow pencil has the thinnest tip possible 0.9mm for a brow pencil giving you insanely natural, hair-like strokes, plus its: waterproof smudge-proof 24 hour long wear no transfer 8 natural shades this creamy formula also includes: vitamin e castor oil coconut oil creating naturally defined brows has never been easier. can't wait to hear what you all think my loves! launching everywhere feb 23 these photos have been photoshopped the one with... all the eyeshadow! this revolution flawless limitless 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create endless looks for special occasions, natural nude everyday looks and eye poppin' looks @the.beauty.boo how bluetiful is our better than sex mascara in new, limited-edition packaging designed by social superstar @chrisspy tag a bff who would love this design! glass skin in seconds. zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip is a multi-use highlighter for a glass-like glow without the sticky feel. introducing... they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara! our new extreme lengthening mascara was developed with real magnetic technology for powerful length lift! 36-hour wear 40 longer lashes lightweight, buildable formula won’t smudge or flake get yours today exclusively on the instagram app in full-size for $27 and mini for $15 just tap on the product tags to shop now! p.s. there’s still space left in our virtual launch event! head to the link in our bio to catch musical guest @arilennox and receive a virtual goody bag! where would you wear our palette? @himakmakeup come closer the infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder is suitable for all skin types, even oily skin and acne prone skin! its formula is non-comedogenic witha non-greasy feel. burning up for @halloweenkween did you catch celebrity hairstylist @cintalondon go live to talk you through our new revolution haircare bond plex range? keep watching to find out why she’s loving this new haircare range and how it can help to transform your hair! closed we're treating 1 lucky babe to the full collection of our shine loud high shine lip color here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on february 18, 2021 and ends at 9:30 am pt on february 19, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. @louisegalan is wearing dior’s 5c couture pallet 599 new look to create a smoky eye. shot by @betinadutoit for @bazaaruk makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @taniaratpatron hair by @josephpujalte manicure by @elsadeslandes dior forever 0n 2w dior forever skin correct 1n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown 5 couleurs couture 599 new look describe @kennyccain's look in only emojis is dreaming in pastel with: in medium 11﻿ @dragunbeauty blackout liner travel to the earth’s core and meet our new mascara! the brush’s innovative magnetic core pulls the magnetic mineral enriched formula up and out beyond the tips of lashes for extreme length! get yours today exclusively on the instagram app in full-size for $27 and mini for $15 just tap on the product tags to shop now! our new shine loud high shine lip colors bring the transfer-proof pigment and the ultra glossy shine @maquillageitup swatches a few of our faves which shade is calling your name? ps: check out our last post for a chance to win the collection take your beauty routine to the next level with our cruelty-free makeup brushes brush up on your makeup skills with mr. right, mr. perfect, and mr. chiseled. jump start your wfh makeup routine with our award-winning tinted moisturizer. it packs hydrating skincare benefits, natural-looking coverage and mineral spf 30 in one tube. @myskinway 30 off all morphe x @jaclynhill to celebrate the anniversary of the volume ii! use code yasjaclyn at checkout on morphe.com morphe stores chanel 524 turban the muffin with the mostest did you know that our blueberry muffin 16 color shadow palette won @peta’s for best cruelty-free and vegan! shadow palette?! @bakeandglow @gisellemakeup 'i’m obsessed with the 90s era. i feel like it’s having a comeback now and it’s coming back even better because there’s better makeup than there was back then in terms of foundation and pigments that work on deeper skin tones. the 90s is interesting because black women were making this work for them using eyeliner for lip liner for example just to get the right depth etc. i think the 90s was just an iconic moment for black beauty and i wanted to celebrate that iconic era’⁣ bhm 2021 did you catch our bhm live with @gisellemakeup you can also head over to our youtube channel to see how giselle creates this lil' kim inspired makeup look using revolution products who says is only for women? @tukeip is here to show his complete anti-fall routine with genesis! this range is designed for all those suffering with hair-fall, in all lifestyles treating both fall from the root and from breakage. are you using this routine? share your thoughts with us in the comments down below! genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. lipgloss? poppin' mint melt lip plumping glosses have super high-shine with a plumping effect and a delicious vanilla mint scent tap to shop for $4! also available exclusively @walmart have you gotten a hold of the infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder? if you haven't, you're missing out! it's the leading prestige powder you need, why? it's... waterproof heatproof sweatproof transfer-resistant @frantasticbeauty is lookin' like royalty wearing our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'shake things up' shop this bold lippie in our limited edition 'y2k hottie' lip kit from our x @princessnokia collection @makeupbykatarinna has us mesmerized with this electric she gets the look using our epic wear liquid liner in 'lilac' epic ink liner epic wear liner stick in 'graphic purple' micro brow pencil in 'chocolate' sweet kisses from our stunna @iluvsarahii in a sweet tea liner and sweet oasis gloss in shimmy grab a free microfiber beauty sponge w any soft-focus foundation purchase for a limited time on morphe.com morphe stores! pssstt... check out our most recent igtv with @tamikacooperpd, head of collaborations development here at bh and @ahliyah.michelle use her code ahliyah for 10 off as they discussed the importance of creating diverse inclusive products as well as some makeup tips tricks @mariaa.elenaa is the definition of she slays fierce, feathery brows using our micro brow pencil completes the look using our epic wear liner stick in 'magenta shock' our thursday lineup! which plumping product are you reaching for today!? what team are you on, earth tones or ocean hues vote in the comments tap to shop our super pigmented, blendable and creamy earth ocean eyeshadow palette for $14 which product is your holy grail for flawless brows? singersongwriter @madisonbeer shares her beauty secrets on @voguemagazine using her palette who got their hands on our sold out bff lip duos?! we want to see your glam! good news is the bff eye face palettes are still available for a limited time on our site science meets mascara at lash! new they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara features a magnetic core that attracts to the magnetic mineral enriched formula to draw lashes out to extreme lengths! get yours today exclusively on the instagram app in full-size for $27 and mini for $15 just tap on the product tags to shop now! they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara the road to shiny, silky hair only takes 8 seconds! the caring agents in wonder water target the damaged parts of your hair, delivering customized repair in-shower! available everywhere in the u.s a glowing look with extra shine on the lips for @louisegalan by @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. shot by @betinadutoit for @bazaaruk makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @taniaratpatron hair by @josephpujalte manicure by @elsadeslandes dior forever 0n 2w dior forever skin correct 1n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown 5 couleurs couture 079 black bow diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black diorshow 24h stylo 076 pearly silver lip glow oil 001 pink happy national lash day! to celebrate we are giving you 20 off all our revolution false lashes and mascaras this weekend, just tap the link in bio to shop now your lashes do not want to miss this offer! you've got the power! make a statement with your lips and try our perfect color lipstick n°926 dark raspberry. what do you prefer: statement lips or statement eyes? let us know in the comments below get the whole look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ clear lash brow gel⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ soft eye liner waterproof n°10⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ angel eyes mascara waterproof⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°926 dark raspberry⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @inna.beauty.makeup mua: @hairandmakeupbysina⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @jilgrudner⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ have you fluttered your way through the revolution 3d faux mink lashes yet? false lashes that look like natural lash extensions with a gorgeous fluffy finish we have 4 to choose from! wispy a full feathery finish⁣⁣⁣ fluffy fabulous fluffy finish⁣⁣⁣⁣ doll natural looking slender lashes⁣⁣⁣⁣ minky dramatic full on lashes⁣⁣⁣ chanel 761 vibration happy here's how to achieve the false lash look in three simple steps: 1. apply a coat of sumptuous rebel length lift mascara 2. while it’s still wet, use a small eyeshadow brush to apply a small amount of translucent powder to the hair 3. wait 30 seconds, then apply another coat of mascara for amazing lashes! so many colors...luckily, you've got the time to try them all because they dry in 40 seconds they're called fast dry af for a reason! get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com a little toni morrison for the soul. double tap if you're bringing this energy into the weekend. if you needed an excuse to try our newest mascara, we've got one for you: it's purchase a full-size lash it loud mascara and get a free mini lash it loud mascara with purchase today only on our site lash it loud mascara gives mega volume with intensely rich pigments and a flexible, silicone brush that grips lashes from root to tip tap to shop for only $6 saleam on what's bringing him joy: the moments that i’m able to safely reconnect with friends and family. even under the circumstances i appreciate that time more than ever. i’m excited for the year ahead because i’ll be continuing to represent men and also black men in the beauty community. i’ll also be creating content for skincare beginners like my upcoming igtv series method 101. @themethodmale wears zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip. hello gorgeous our bff @nahcardoso dressed up our better than sex mascara in a sparkly, fun, and flirty design! new product drop! there’s a new member of our mascara family watch mascara in action as it lifts lengthens lashes for extreme results! 36-hour wear 40 longer lashes lightweight, buildable formula won’t smudge or flake get the full-size for $27 and mini for $15 everywhere benefit is sold @ultabeauty, @sephora, @macys, @nordstrom, @hsn, @qvc, @birchbox, @revolvebeauty, @beautylish, @urbanoutfitters, @asos, @saks, @bloomingdales, benefitcosmetics.com, and boutiques! revolution mink lashes wispy recommended by @caradowntonn have you tried these out yet? @louisegalan is wearing the rouge dior 525 chérie in a metallic finish for this shot taken by @betinadutoit for @bazaaruk. makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @taniaratpatron hair by @josephpujalte manicure by @elsadeslandes dior forever 0n 2w dior forever skin correct 1n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow khol 529 beige khol 5 couleurs couture 539 grand bal rouge dior 525 chérie who's ready to get that naturally filtered look and be one of the 5 lucky winners to win pr box w the stunning @makeupshayla! what you'll win: filter effect soft-focus foundation microfiber beauty sponge e63 wide angle foundation brush how to enter: follow @morphebrushes⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ like save this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and the winners will be announced on this post and dm'd on 22321. wonder water is a breakthrough in-shower shine booster that visibly transforms straight to curly hair at home in just 8 seconds. our weightless lamellar is the perfect add-in to your routine. available everywhere in the u.s starting our day with a lil our makeup setting spray matte is an essential in every kit available at nyxcosmetics.com @makeupemalii is serving us sun-kissed neutrals naturally filtered skin using: foundation sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways @pamperedpolishes is using nail color in red light district for classic red nails in 40 seconds! get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com forget diamonds mascara is your best friend we have one for everyone, and better still they are 20 on our website to celebrate national lash day for the whole weekend including our new 5d mascara! don't miss out, which one will you go for? closed this we're spotlighting some of our favorite black-owned small businesses today we've partnered with @jbdapparel to bring you outfit goals one lucky winner will win an assortment of our faves $150 gift card from @jbdapparel here's how to enter follow @nyxcosmetics @jbdapparel like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 11:00 am pt on february 19, 2021 and ends at 11:00 am pt on february 20, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. 2 magic wands. strength length’s paddle-shaped brush lengthens, lifts and defines. lashtopia’s staggered bristles separate and fan out lashes. which one’s your favorite? but first, lipstick pucker up with our lightweight, long-wearing, ultra-matte melted matte lipstick!! available @cultbeauty. our hydra lip booster n°40 translucent cryptal bud provides full, sensual lips with a trace of color and wonderful shine. reminder: snag that bff snatched face palette before it's too late but really... they're almost gone our beautiful muse @emrata shared with us 5 instants of falling from her pregnancy experience last week. if you haven’t seen it, you can find the video in our igtv section and if you’re also a mother-to-be as emily, it’s important to have the right routine during pregnancy and after delivery. postpartum hair fall is a natural process and is here for you! an anti-fall hair care routine will help you fight this type of hair fall while fortifying your scalp over time, giving resistance to the hair and creating an healthy environment for new hair growth. the vast majority of our products can be used safely by pregnant women, unless otherwise indicated by the gynecologist. in the event of doubt, especially for professionals e.g. hairdressers, we recommend asking a doctor. find more information about the safety of our products at inside-our-products.loreal.comour-answers-to-your-questionsbabies-children-and-pregnant-women-specific-needs genesis product assortment, ingredients and benefits are different in the u.s. visit kerastase-usa.com for more info. with one sold every minute in the us, it’s no wonder that wonder water was the new haircare treatment on amazon.com in 2020. try for yourself today! available everywhere in the u.s today only: get a free mini lash it loud mascara with a full-size lash it loud mascara purchase on our site for lash it loud mascara vegan and cruelty-free and formulated with rich pigments for bolder than ever lashes with a flexible, silicone brush that grips lashes from root to tip to add length, volume and fullness use the to shop! @rocioxsoria @blendingtheruleswithbrandi completes this frosty with a few spritzes of our best-selling matte setting spray cop america's setting spray online at nyxcosmetics.com wakeup makeup. instantly brighten your under eyes with caffeine concealer and foundation. @marithememe wears tan 370. artistry by: @morganemartini photography by: @darrencottaphoto which morphe product is @kaylaaperez currently slaying in that you can't live without? total softie gel moisturiser lippie lullaby lip mask in hazelnut in translucent in trailblazer 8w blush palette in bite me lipgloss in smoked almond we could watch @missjazminad apply our new shine loud high shine lip color all day she swipes on the shade 'disruptor' for this bold glossy lip vegan formula is like the best coconut-oat milk latte you’ve ever had. oat extract fosters calm skin, while five forms of nourishing coconut help hydrate. now, the extra shot: a jolt of caffeine helps uplift the look of tired skin. tap to shop on marcjacobsbeauty.com. vote: which 9-pan is your favorite 9h hot for hue 9j just a crush 9l lavendaze she’s an icon shop our best selling brazil collection for 50 off on our site now! extreme length with a magnetic force! here’s how our new mascara uses magnets to deliver 40 longer lashes: magnetically charged brush attracts to magnetic mineral pigments in the formula, extending it beyond lash tips zigzag bristles grab, separate fan out every. single. lash ultra lightweight formula means you can build it up to extreme lengths without clumps or stiffness celebrate national lash day with our game-changing new mascara! get the full-size for $27 and mini for $15 everywhere benefit is sold @ultabeauty, @sephora, @macys, @nordstrom, @hsn, @qvc, @birchbox, @revolvebeauty, @beautylish, @urbanoutfitters, @asos, @saks, @bloomingdales, benefitcosmetics.com, and boutiques! if you wanna be my lover, you've gotta get this palette! our be my lover mini eye shadow palette is playfully feminine and all about romance, love, and candy! @maquillageitup never, ever settle for less than extra. 100 agree that doesn’t settle into fine lines, resulting in healthy-looking full coverage. @alexissundman wears tan 310. artistry photography by: @morganemartini based on an independent consumer study on 31 volunteers, immediately after application. how long is your brow routine? @ndeye.peinda serves effortless, snatched brows using our new dynamic duo: lift snatch brow tint pen brow glue shop our new faves online at nyxcosmetics.com where are all my laminated ladies at?? meet your new holy grail: the brow glue skip the salon and score a freshly laminated look with up to 16h extreme hold transparent, flake-resistant, natural finish, and we gotchu available online at nyxcosmetics.com get @tijerarayemua’s stunna blue brazil look for 50 off only for a limited time! only a few more hours to get a free mini lash it loud mascara with a full-size lash it loud mascara purchase on our site to celebrate with our cruelty-free, vegan and volumizing af lash it loud mascara tap to shop for only $6 @makeupshayla said no filter w our foundation real magnet. unreal lashes. new mascara uses magnetic technology in the wand and formula to extend lashes by 40! drop a in the comments if you can’t wait to try it! get the full-size for $27 and mini for $15 everywhere benefit is sold @ultabeauty, @sephora, @macys, @nordstrom, @hsn, @qvc, @birchbox, @revolvebeauty, @beautylish, @urbanoutfitters, @asos, @saks, @bloomingdales, benefitcosmetics.com, and boutiques! for a lash lift makeup look, @louisegalan is wearing the diorshow maximizer 3d as a primer and a touch of diorshow iconic overcurl mascara on top of it. shot by @betinadutoit for @bazaaruk makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @taniaratpatron hair by @josephpujalte manicure by @elsadeslandes dior forever 0n 2w dior forever skin correct 1n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown 5 couleurs couture 079 black bow diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge dior 434 promenade go for volume! the filler replumping cream is powered by not only 1 but 3 types of hyaluronic acid: macro hyaluronic acid: hydrates the skin surface. micro hyaluronic acid: plumps out skin from its top layers new micro-filler hyaluronic acid: delivers a deep filling efficacy against wrinkles. new launch revolutionise your haircare routine with the @revolution.haircare bond plex range! restore, strengthen and condition​⁣ enhances shine and overall hair colour vitality​⁣ helps to reduce frizz for smoother hair​⁣ ​revolution haircare bond plex triple molecular weight protein cascade system has been expertly formulated to target different layers of the hair fibre helping to restore and strengthen damage from within​ revolution plex 3: restore a restoring and conditioning treatment to use before shampooing⁣ revolution plex 4: cleanse a deep and gentle cleansing shampoo to hydrate and care for stressed hair⁣ revolution plex 5: nourish a conditioner to deeply nourish your hair​⁣ revolution plex 6: style protect your hair with this heat protection styling cream whilst helping to reduce frizz revolution plex 3 bond restore treatment⁣ revolution plex 4 bond plex shampoo⁣ revolution plex 5 bond plex conditioner⁣ revolution plex 6 bond restore styling cream⁣ £10€11.99£14 each or buy the whole collection and save 25 on our website!⁣ available online at revolutionbeauty.com at @bootsuk ​and at @beautybaycom⁣ vegan cruelty free suitable for all hair types.​⁣ slssles free we love products that empower your makeup! our moisturizing wonder skin primer works magic on tired skin! in the twinkling of an eye, your skin looks fresh and alive and it makes your foundation last longer the ultra-light formula with 80 water content refreshes and calms your complexion, while micro-fine particles diffuse the light, visually smooth out your skin and make you look rested. image credits: @jenaru⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ chanel 504 organdi saturday plans? me time! add to your for that extra pampering and moisturizing touch. with the moringa extract formula and pro-collagen technology, this leaves skin feeling nourished and healthy. tap to shop! visit our instagram guide, moisturizer 101, if you're looking to learn more about our @jodinagelsphy @isabellekategm has been fixing up her damaged hair from 𝔀𝓲𝓽𝓱𝓲𝓷 with the new @revolution.haircare bond plex range this is the first time since taking my extensions out where i have loved how my hair looks i’m so excited to keep using it and giving my locks some tlc! she’s thick, shiny looks lush! you guys need to try this i’m dead serious!! your weekend look isn’t complete without a pop of color. plus, our buttery-smooth barepro longwear lipstick won’t budge or smudge under your mask. @alolce plump your pout with mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint sprinkle this high-shine, hydrating lip gloss gives a fuller appearance to the lips and has a vanilla mint scent tap to shop for $4, also available exclusively @walmart sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways get your brows in line with brow-sessive brow gel! choose from brown, blonde, and clear, each for just $3.99 find them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com don’t sleep on our tints they give your cheeks and lips that perfect fresh-faced look! which one’s calling your name!? @gabrielle.shoots revolution plex 3 bond restore treatment​ revolution plex 3 is a restoring and conditioning plex treatment to use before shampoo and conditioner.⁣ how to use:​⁣ apply to towel dried hair for 10-15 minutes or overnight if a deeper treatment is required.​⁣ use one to two times per week, as desired.​⁣ follow with steps 4, 5 6​⁣ suitable for all hair types​⁣ slssles free vegan and cruelty free​ you need it our plump prime serum is your one-stop miracle worker for plumper, bouncier, cheeks over time! @hayleylouise.xo which 10-pan morphe x @jaclynhill palette is your fave? ring the alarm dark magic armed gorgeous bling boss 30 off all morphe x @jaclynhill w code yasjaclyn on morphe.com morphe stores this weekend, skip the heavy makeup. skip the brushes. grab these becca essentials to perfect skin and add color and light to your eyes using nothing but your fingers. zero no pigment virtual foundation smooths, blurs, and perfects the appearance of skin. zero no pigment glass highlighter for face lip gives skin a glass-like shine without the sticky feel. light gleam primer topper liquid eyeshadow is a dual-ended eyeshadow for multiple looks. hydra-light plumping lip balm plumps and smooths lips with a layer of light-reflecting color. this is your sign to drink more water infused with centella extract, our hydra touch primer provides all day hydration while creating a smooth canvas for even makeup application and did we mention she's shop this hydrating holy grail online at nyxcosmetics.com @maquillageitup that amethyst for february energy tho @noharu1021 tested and loved it! check her full review on her profile! thank you so much for the trust @roseandben is wearing our long-wearing, sweatproof, and transfer-proof foundation who is loving it? @sophiapesch loves the new @revolution.haircare bond plex range, it has really helped to restore and condition my hair! blessing your feed with a lil inspo @mimizrs completes this icy with our epic ink liner what are your tricks to slaying a sharp liner? what's your fave piece from the morphe x @nikitadragun collection? artistry palette brush set @dragunbeauty dragunglass liquid lip 3 shades @flatlay2slay expressive nails for upcoming spring days! leave a if you like our art couture nail lacquer n°712 bougainvillea as much as we do! if you love our mascaras, wait ‘til you try this mega babe @olivia.ponton can’t get enough of our new extreme lengthening mascara! if you love our mascaras, wait ‘til you try this mega babe @olivia.ponton can’t get enough of our new extreme lengthening mascara! get a naturally luminous glow for your next wfh meeting or video call. @audreyapfau from the bareminerals team shows us how to achieve complexion perfection with new original liquid mineral foundation. @sephora skinlongevity long life herb serum original liquid mineral foundation audrey’s shade is golden medium bounce blur powder blush in shade mauve sunrise strength length serum-infused mascara plump glossy lips are in! @iheartsarahy plumps her pout with our lip injection maximum plump! le bain is the 1st ultra-moisturizing post-bleaching shampoo-in-cream for ultra-demanding blondes! enriched with the new hyaluronic acid duo that contains high and low weight molecules for deep, double-acting penetration and hydration. this shampoo-in-cream also contains edelweiss concentrate oil to protect vulnerable bleached hair from daily damage, keeping it soft and nourished. when you scoop out a hazelnut amount of its purple jar, it looks and feels like a rich day cream for the skin. it is luxurious and silky in the hand, evidently powerful and nourishing. and when it goes on the hair in contact with water, le bain cicaextreme creates the perfect and most luxurious lather with no stripping or drying. it rinses clean and soft, a uniquely nourishing cleansing experience. experience the transformative texture of bain cicaextreme and that extra boost of hydration for your hair! www.kerastase.com la crème de la crème if you haven’t already… it’s time to try our new filler replumping cream powered by micro-filler hyaluronic acid to actively fight aging signs! it restores volume and fills wrinkles from within. let us know in comments what you love the most about it camo concealer putty primer the ultimate power couple what's your favorite camo concealer and putty primer combo? tell us in the comments tap to shop! closed we're giving away a bundle of our current obsessions to 1 lucky beauty! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 12:30 pm pt on february 20, 2021 and ends at 12:30 pm pt on february 21, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. get snatched and pop those cheeks out with the bff all-in-one highlight, blush, bronze and contour palette available only for a limited time win our newest launch! we have eight they’re real magnet mascara pr boxes ready to land on your doorstep! to enter: follow @benefitcosmetics like this post tag 3 bffs extra entries: comment a on our most recent posts, or share this giveaway post on your ig stories, tagging us! good luck! giveaway ends february 22, 2021 at 11:59pm pst and open to us residents age 18 rules: bit.lymagnetprsend is giving @irisbeilin a natural, glowy finish fit for a queen delivers all-day hydration with a nutrient-rich mix featuring five forms of coconut that helps bring new life back to the skin. we wish we could tap on our glam as effortlessly as @jaimariah she finishes this beautiful, blue beat with our cult-fave butter gloss in the shade 'praline' which shade is your go-to? the power of hyaluronic acid! the micro-filler hyaluronic acid of our filler replumping cream is 50x smaller than macro hyaluronic acid so it penetrates deeper for an intense replumping action. we gave our 18-pan palettes a bright, new look on the outside to match the amazing formula and shades on the inside. which one are you adding to cart? 18t truth bare 18s sunset beats 18f talkin' flirty 18b makin' bank 18a blue yaaway shop 'em all now on morphe.com morphe stores! a lil gloss never hurt nobody which shade of our lip smackin' butter gloss is your ride or die? leave nothing but pink emojis if you love pink eyeshadow looks @jayyglamm skincare supercharged by science hydrate, renew, and illuminate your skin with the nourishing ingredients in our hangover pillow cream, hangover wash the day away cleanser, and hangover pillow balm!! apply caffeine concealer and foundation under the eyes for a brighter look, dot it on to spot-conceal or blend it out for all-over, even coverage. @nkoang wears deep 490. artistry photography by: @morganemartini. @kamillegregory swipes on our butter gloss in 'praline' to complete this minty inspired as e.l.f.: looks we are loving this week we love our e.l.f. community and we wanted to show off some of our favorite looks from this week make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week experience the shoulder-lowering comfort of a warm mug of coffee with caffeine concealer and foundation. it’s made with soothing oat extract to help relieve your skin of its day-to-day woes. @shalomblac is glowing all out in amethyst for february @louisegalan is wearing rouge dior 999 velvet for a bitten lips look. shot by @betinadutoit for @bazaaruk makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup styling by @taniaratpatron hair by @josephpujalte manicure by @elsadeslandes dior forever 0n 2w dior forever skin correct 1n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow khôl 529 beige khôl 5 couleurs couture 159 plum tulle rouge dior 525 chérie dior contour 999 rouge dior 999 velvet new! it’s time for some serious tlc with the revolution rehab collection this collection is designed to nourish recover your brows, lips lashes what have you got your eye on? brow nourishing oil⁣ lash nourishing serum⁣ brow care mask⁣ soap care⁣ overnight lip serum because we care did you know? our filler replumping cream is powered by micro-filler hyaluronic acid which is of natural origin, sustainably sourced, and biotransformed in france. have you tried it already? celebrity makeup artist @cintalondon talks us through her journey with trying out the new rehab range! watch till the end to see the results after weeks of use, press play now is your mask clogging up your pores and irritating your skin? our poreless skincare collection deep cleans and purifies to keep pores clear. give your skin the tlc it deserves add bright creme to your and wake up to naturally refreshed and nourished skin. we're blushing putty blush is a lightweight, cream to powder blush infused with argan oil and vitamin e apply with our putty blush brush for easy, flawless application! tap to shop for $6 magneteyezing our new they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara has @skaijackson’s stamp of approval give your lashes the length and curl they deserve! our better than sex mascara volumizes, lifts, coats every little lash, every time! we can’t take our eyes off of this filtered finish on raylan’s skin, either. a behind the scenes look at light shifter finishing veil, a weightless setting powder for a satiny, smooth finish. raylan wears light shifter in borealis 5.5. team revolution beauty have been putting out new brow rehab products to the test for 6 weeks you can see the results for your self, swipe to see them all last day 30 off all morphe x @jaclynhill to celebrate the anniversary of the volume ii! use code yasjaclyn at checkout on morphe.com morphe stores zoom in for a close-up of that hydrating, featherlight texture. have you tried original liquid mineral foundation yet? tell us what you think below. @makeupbymaryclara has us feelin' envious with this smoked out glam she frames the look using our control freak eyebrow gel when every lip color is amazing on you @corinaceren is swatching and looking stunning in mega last matte lip colors wine room, skin-ny dipping, never nude, bare it all, and stoplight red get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com bomb brows gold obsessions @huda double-tap for @maddys.makeup attention to detail inspired by @suzettee.b drop a in the comments below if you need to get your hands on our new they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara! @browngirlhands sunday vibe: feeling the frosé fantasy in the spotlight: @jbdapparel jbd apparel, formerly known as jolie by dia, is a made-to-order knit-wear brand, founded in 2017 by designer, saudia islam in philadelphia, pennsylvania. saudia began to embrace knitting and crochet as a way to cope with anxiety and depression. overtime she’d begun to perfect the craft, thus the progression and advancement of jbd. looking for high quality, hand-made, comfortable garments? check out her page the proof is in the formula our new bright creme is packed with beautyberry, which helps skin look more even-toned. in fact, 88 of women said their dark spots appeared reduced. tap to join them now! consumer testing in the us on 100 women after 6 weeks. our light my fire mini palette is your perfect match! you'll be lookin' straight fire with this palette of sexy, warm, spicy shades in matte and shimmer finishes! get it while it's hot!! 4 ways to stay ageless. start with our potent night concentrate, then follow with the face, eye and neck creams to see significant improvements in fine lines, rough texture and dullness in just one week. shop @macys via dare something new and try our green long lasting liquid liner intense n°8 green be bold, be powerful, be beautiful!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ products to create the full look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint concealer n°12 neutral light⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect teint foundation n°32 cool cashew⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°15 pearly snow grey⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°5 pearly grey brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ twist for volume mascara⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ soft lip liner waterproof n°186 cute peonies⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°828 fading rose⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @msmartphotography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @michellenolanmua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @s.b.997⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ new launch the newest edition to our 'create' brush range, the revolution create soap styler brow brush! you asked for a brush to use with our original soap styler or the new soap care, and we listened! this double ended brush is designed as an all in one brow tool use the wider flat end of the brush to evenly distribute product through your brow hairs and the spoolie end to brush brows into desired shape at we are committed to bring the best care by searching for the most performant ingredients and innovations. you have already heard about the powerful hyaluronic acid in the classic range. this year, kérastase innovates again and presents the new hyaluronic acid duo. this upgraded version of this essential skincare ingredient is composed with low and high molecular weight of hyaluronic acid to improve the hydration action of this ingredient for a deeper penetration. low weight hyaluronic acid is known to deeply penetrate hair and heal profound wounds. high weight hyaluronic acid have intense hydrating function, plumping fiber to recover elasticity and strength. would you try hyaluronic acid for your hair care? @makeupsessions’s three must haves from our mint melt collection: mint melt cooling face primer mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint chocolate mint melt no budge eyeshadow stick in ice crème shop this minty-fresh, limited-edition collection using the also available @walmart 2 must-have formulas to prep your skin with light whether you’re wearing them alone or under makeup. backlight priming filter blurs and smooths for instant illumination. first light priming filter instantly brightens and balances uneven skin tone. get snatched brows everytime with our micro brow pencil the pencil helps draw ultra fine lines, allowing you to create the look of natural brow hairs plus, the spoolie lets you blend with ease what's your favorite part about this cult fave? we're totally trippin' off of @evyxo’s full travel series slay lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette apres in aspen 6 color highlighter palette travel series 7 piece face eye brush set with bag the filler team complete your skincare routine with our power duo! in the morning, apply 2-3 drops of the hyaluronic acid serum to immediately hydrate and plump skin. then, make sure to apply the filler replumping cream by upward movements from the bottom of the face for a deep replumping efficacy and maximum comfort. did you try them already? a lil moment @rainbowflawless achieves this look with our og epic ink liner bali, baby! even if only in our minds... blushing in bali 6 color blush highlighter palette which shade from is calling your name @dupethat when in doubt, wing it out @mimizrs uses our epic ink liner for this precise eyeliner look what's your fave type of liner look? @vanessaoblinsky re-energizes her everyday makeup look using caffeine concealer and foundation in tan 390 all over deep 440 contour. product breakdown: in tan 390 deep 440 accomplice blurring powder in starlet omega x three palette in tantalize-glo in dark brown in blacquer coffee mascara enamored lip gloss in allow me @makeupbybrooktiffany is delivering a natural finish with her in filter medium 14 our babe @hayleystpierre is gorgeous in our born this way super coverage concealer shade almond, better than sex eyeliner⁣, and lip injection lip gloss shade glossy bossy⁣!! sheer color and lip loving ingredients our hydrating core lip shines have a heart-shaped core packed with nourishing ingredients while the outer shell gives the lips a tint of color for lips you'll love tap to shop for $6! @lapetitechicmommy all about the eyes @veronicaroman pairs our epic ink liner with our on the rise lash booster on the rise volume liftscara for this classic shop these must-haves at nyxcosmetics.com yeah, we’re looking at your lashes, @natalinanoel! that fluttery, flirty lash look has us feeling some type of way… and that’s on they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara treat your nails with an ultimate spa day using our cuticle softener scrub, our intensive nail treatment, our natural base top coat and our repair care nail lacquer.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect duo for lips to kiss our lip scrub and multi-active lip balm.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ little hint: for every order of our mutli-active lip balm in our online shop you will get a lip scrub for free with the code softlips valid from january 25th, 2021 till february 28th, 2021.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ get back 10 years of bounce! we selected for our filler replumping cream the latest generation of hyaluronic acid: micro-filler hyaluronic acid for a deep replumping efficacy. it fills wrinkles and restores volumes to help get back the bounce of 10 years ago! are you ready to try it? instrumental test, 48 women, 5 weeks application new launch! we have 2 new additions to our very popular @revolutionskincare blemish range! bye bye blemishes! anytime anywhere 1 salicylic acid blemish touch up stick: perfect for those battling breakouts who need an emergency on-the-go solution. use under or over makeup. £8€9.99$10$16aus⁣ salicylic acid zinc pca purifying water gel cream: tempted to skip your moisturiser when you have a breakout no need! hydrate your way to clearer skin with our light, refreshing gel. moisture without the heaviness. £8€9.99$10$16aus⁣ vegan, cruelty free fragrance free⁣ made in the uk stop asian hate⁣ we stand with our asian community⁣ unite against racism⁣ use your voice and influence⁣ @stopaapihate something big has arrived. get those lashes ready! little boxes of pure magic we love our born this way family an entire line of foundations, concealers, and powders inspired by the beauty of real skin tones! indulge in luminous notes of honeysuckle, tuberose, and miel de provence with @aerin’s new limited-edition mediterranean honeysuckle in bloom. the newest iteration of @aerin's best-seller, mediterranean honeysuckle is now rejuvenated with an intense honeyed twist. we're feeling the mint vibes @paox33 looks gorgeous in our mint melt eyeshadow in mint melt and chocolate mint and mint melt cooling face primer tap to shop back in stock not us obsessing over this pink dream innovative formula that transforms from liquid to powder on your skin! pore blurring technology perfect for our matte babes! a soft matte finish which reduces minimises pores and balances oily skin available now £10€10.99$14⁣⁣ tap the link in bio a lip balm that’s never boring. nourish your lips with 8 shades of buildable color. hydra-light plumping lip balm is plumping and smoothing lip balm with hyaluronic acid that gives lips buildable, light-reflecting colour. exclusively at @ultabeauty. queen @cher is always a big mood @thedripglow it's time to meet the new member of our family “i’m so happy to join to speak out for the self-worth we must all believe in to succeed, especially when others try to tell us differently. to me, beauty lies in the full power of your own voice and your belonging in the world. all of our stories are worth hearing. our worth is our birthright”. by @nidhisunil our newest international spokesperson! 30 off all complexion brushes w code: facevalue on morphe.com only! @babytiff.mua completes this smokey moment using our suede matte lip liner in 'cold brew' butter gloss in 'fortune cookie' what's your fave lip combo at the moment? bougie... on a budget show us all your bff looks by tagging parlez-vous français let’s discover more about our new spokesperson @nidhisunil. shahira from team revolution is showing how to apply the innovative liquid-to-powder revolution liquid powder to help create a flawless base for makeup would you be adding this to your makeup routine? hurts so good we pushed limits to the max to create a lip plumping formula so effective, it's not for plumping rookies! tag a bff who would love our lip injection maximum plump! we are very happy to welcome @nidhisunil into the give her a warm welcome as she is well attn morphe is now available @asos everything you need to re-create @lipsticknick's sunset beat is now at morphe x @jaclynhill volume ii palette in sweet tea in shimmy in forevs who bagged the whole collection?! for our euro babes: the bff alondra elsy palette bbs are still available @beautybaycom but going fast chanel five rules dress your lips in rouge allure velvet and reinvent the rules. rule 1. go for the colour that matches your mood. rule 2. start from the lips’ center. rule 3. tap, dab, blot or swipe. rule 4. you can’t overdo it reapply. rule 5. flaunt n°58 rouge vie shade shown. @lisaaxlu gorgeous @maryandpalettes trying the new @hudabeauty brow pencil with 0.9 mm tip. check the close up when i do the brow lines is so sharp and fine i used shade 4 and comes in 8 shades. deep conditioning treatment is an absolute must for post-bleach care! with a new concentrated hyaluronic acid duo, combined with edelweiss oil, masque cicaextreme seals open scales from bleaching for a uniform, conditioned healthy fiber and makes hair 94 stronger and more resistant. it has no pigments and comes with a rich white cream texture. this deeply restorative treatment takes post-procedural care to the extreme, providing indulgent, ultra-recovering care. it’s a great daily indulgence for bleach addicts and a great weekend treat for anyone who needs extra care you dare, we care to the extreme! the best of both worlds in one product. find out all the juicy details this week. available now everywhere! if you haven't tried clear lash brow mascara... what are you waiting for? this multi-tasking product sets your brows in place and gives the lashes a natural look for only $2! tap to shop when your mask matches your makeup get benetint lip cheek stain, they're real! lengthening mascara, precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil and a pack of 3 face masks for just $68 $17 savings! only on benefitcosmetics.com! just add all four items to cart and use code: maskup a lil monday makeup inspo @wisleidy swipes on our butter gloss in 'madeline' to compliment this sleek liner look introducing @aerin’s new limited-edition fragrance, mediterranean honeysuckle in bloom, a luminous floral scent that captures the brilliant sunshine and lush potency of the italian coast. this limited-edition fragrance is sister to aerin’s best-selling fragrance, mediterranean honeysuckle, a refreshing floral citrus scent inspired by the azure blue shimmering beaches of the amalfi coast. discover the mediterranean with tap to shop now! our is a skincare-infused foundation? here are the details a form of hyaluronic acid with a small molecular structure that provides a powerful, skin-smoothing moisture boost vitamin e, a potent antioxidant that delivers protection and deeply nourishes skin glycerin, a hydrator that helps to maintain skin’s moisture levels, keeping it soft and supple grab onto your pearls because these little treasures are coming in hot who said summer can’t last all year? indulge in @aerin’s mediterranean honeysuckle and new, limited edition mediterranean honeysuckle in bloom. feel the warmth of our refreshing floral citrus scents inspired by the vitality of the mediterranean sunny days only! our butter gloss in ‘angel food cake’ swatches on oh so sweetly which shade do you crave? our everyday essentials! what was the last too faced product you added to your collection?! let us know in the comments! drop a if you want to try our new foundation. @mafemartino @ayshabegum slays a smooth, hydrated complexion using our new marshmellow smoothing primer available online at nyxcosmetics.com how to shape long, unplucked brows! make sure to save this video for later @haleyivers uses in shade 3 for this simple shaping routine! do you love the purples or neutrals or all of the shades from the morphe x @nikitadragun palette? @juliasmua has us dreaming of our new the marshmellow smoothing primer this 10-in-1 multitasking primer is infused with marshmallow root extract to help smooth, soften, extend makeup wear for 16h, hydrate, soothe, even tone, minimize texture, blur lines, add a soft focus finish and keep makeup fresh mic drop available online at nyxcosmetics.com 100 vegan, cruelty-free and affordable brushes angled buffing brush: a versatile angled brush that applies, buffs out and blends thick liquids and creams highlighting brush: a slim, tapered brush designed for precision highlighting on the cheekbones and brow bones flat foundation brush: a flat foundation brush that easily applies and blends foundation seamlessly tap to shop! what you see when you look up pretty in pink in the dictionary w @jaclynhill beyond with this graphic beat by @makeup.by.cleopatra here are the deets: marshmellow smoothing primer total control pro drop foundation in 'vanilla' ultimate shadow palette in 'brights' matte liquid liner shop the full look online at nyxcosmetics.com amid the covid-19 pandemic, anti-asian violence is at an all-time high. we are horrified by the alarming rise in anti-asian hate crimes around the world and in our own backyard of the san francisco bay area. racism, discrimination, and xenophobia have no place in our communities, and we will always lend our voice to amplify those being unjustly silenced. we stand united in the fight against racism and remain committed to fostering a safe, inclusive community for all. to learn about more ways to take action and help please see the resources linked below: @stopaapihate @apexforyouth https:www.asianamtoolkit.org https:www.advancingjustice-aajc.orgcovid19 dripping in oil bathe your hair in our elvive extraordinary oil! it will nourish your dry hair from root to tip, thanks to its non-greasy formula filled with a precious blend of 6 flower extracts. are you ready to take your hair to a new level? we wear rouge for empowerment @hajibafahmy is wearing rouge dior 999 velvet. shot by @josephmolines makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes capture totale super potent serum dior forever 3w 4w dior forever skin correct 3w diorshow brow styler 004 black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 614 jungle 5 couleurs couture 599 new look dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal dior contour 999 rouge dior 999 velvet dior vernis 999 our confidence for the eye bright concealer went after this swatch the eye bright illuminating concealer is specifically targeting under-eye circles and is infused with vitamin c to actively treat the area as you conceal double tap if you like what you see we love bold looks but natural looks as well! emphasize your natural beauty with our glossy lip volumizer lipgloss. it will give your lips seductive volume and keeps them wonderfully soft. image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @tanjajuliana.photography⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @sabrinabeauty.mua⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @emilylouise.i the eye bright illuminating concealer working its magic on @allancraig “this baby contains vitamin c and is formulated to target dark circles” the radiance challenge featuring new bright! we put our newest to the test, and it passed with flying colors! skin is more even-toned, deeply-hydrated, and always radiant have you tried it? share a post with you and your new revitalizing supreme bright creme tagging us @esteelauder and for a chance to be featured! and that, wild ones, is how you create gorgeous, natural brows @bylilibet is masterfully using our brow-sessive brow pencil in dark brown and brow-sessive brow gel in clear get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com made for each other. under eye brightening corrector brightens, corrects, and neutralizes dark circles, and ultimate coverage longwear concealer instantly camouflages blemishes and discoloration while smoothing the skin’s texture. just restocked at @sephora @sephoracanada. up close and personal with new original liquid mineral foundation. browse all 30 shades on bareminerals.com. it's one of those primers new mint melt cooling primer has hyaluronic acid and antioxidants for a glowy look and dries to a tacky finish for a long-lasting base tap to shop for $8, also available @walmart online and in stores not us watching this ten thousand times in a row @sofiawylie has us magneteyezed with her natural makeup routine using our new mascara! also featured: matte bronzer blush highlighting pencil we’ve got @iamsashafierce411 covered! she uses our born this way super coverage concealer shade warm sand for a natural finish. the new eye bright illuminating under eye concealer has a max-level hit of vitamin c to actively treat the area as you conceal! the perfect product to apply to your skin after using our best selling vitamin c serum be one of the 5 lucky winners to win a $150 e-gift card to shop everything morphe more on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes! like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop a good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 22521, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. @makeupbykatarinna is major goals she serves this smokey pink glam wearing our micro brow pencil in 'chocolate' epic ink liner epic wear liner stick in 'pink spirit' celebrates the beauty in black women that goes beyond shade range. meet some of our as they talk inclusive beauty @biancalovesmakeup91 getting a makeover with: jelly eye shimmer gloss pop face eye gloss glassified lip oil hint hint skin tint wondertint cheek lip mousse on the eyebrow spectrum from lightnatural to boldboss babe, brow pencils have got you covered get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com this sht has to stop!! there is nothing wrong with looking human!! your ‘before’ is beautiful!! i’ve been in this space for a long time and i’ve felt sooo much pressure myself to edit my pictures and to try to fit into this online idea of the perfect body. let me tell you, there’s no such thing as the perfect body or the perfect face. you are beautiful in your own way, do what makes you feel happy and what makes feel beautiful. be prepared to get supercharged with our brand new powerfully attractive they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara! how does it work? the wand's magnetic core the magnetic mineral enriched formula draws out lashes to extreme lengths! @gabrielle.shoots light-as-a-feather have you heard of our elvive extraordinary oil? it's a luxurious oil designed for all hair types formulated with a precious blend of 6 flower extracts we guarantee that your hair will be spoiled with sumptuous softness, lavish shine and a weightless touch. highly-pigmented and multi-dimensional our born this way eye shadow palette ranges from flattering matte shades, to sultry metallic, shimmer, and sparkle shades!! @my.beauty.addictions which lip oil would you wear on a first date? shiny dancer sheer plum flutter sheer hot pink be kind sheer tangerine extra glaze sheer peach mirror mirror sheer soft pink fairytale sheer lilac @trendmood1 is it a lip gloss, a lip balm…or both? your lips are gonna love this new drop. we have major heart eyes for @caitlinrraine's she completes this dreamy eye look with a sleek liner using our epic ink liner introducing the latest addition to the create brush family, the create eye bright concealer brush. this innovative dual-ended angled brush head tapered sponge head imitates the precision of your fingertips making it easier and quicker to apply your concealer and blend to perfection. shahira from team revolution shows us how to use it with the new eye bright concealer! shadows and blushes?! gotta love an all-in-one palette chanel five rules colour your life and colour your lips with rouge allure velvet in rouge vie. the rich dark hue and creamy velvety texture will make this your go-to red. @lisaaxlu be the poreless putty primer @mikaylajmakeup you can be our iconic primer too using our eyes.lips.icon. effect use the to shop poreless putty primer versatility for the win our elvive extraordinary oil is the hair care product you need. it's ultra versatile, and can be used before shampooing, before styling or as a finishing touch for a perfect hair day. who wants an oil that does it all? we will never not be mesmerized by our epic ink liner shop our holy-grail worldwide swipe to meet a few members from our and hear what makes them feel beautiful in honor of toxic energy not welcome here tag your besties below to remind them they’re beautiful @samaraterese via @thefemalelead comin' in snatched! @jasadetunji serves sleek defined arches using our new lift snatch brow tint pen available online at nyxcosmetics.com @charlidamelio is fresh on the scene w that glow what are your fave products? brow crush tinted brow gel happy glaze lipgloss gleamcatcher illuminator l-balm lip balm prep polish lip scrub did you catch our unfiltered talk with young entrepreneurs @kherispoppin @officiallylexip?! they chatted about starting their businesses and how you can help support black-owned businesses like theirs closed we're treating 3 lucky beauties to our pr box! wanna score our new cruelty free vegan faves? here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 3:30 pm pt on february 23, 2021 and ends at 3:30 pm pt on february 24, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. how many 9-pan palettes do you own? is it getting hot in here or is it just our new better than sex limited edition packaging designed by our social bff @makeupshayla it has been dressed up in sexy lips that made her famous! reinvigorate your look with the café marc jacobs collection, featuring: caffeine concealer and foundation matte gel eye crayon in blacquer coffee, blacquer emerald, and blacquer currant o!mega x three palette in tan-tastic glo! and tantalize glo! available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. yes brows!! @inngenue frames this bronzed glam with full, laminated brows she gets the look using our new brow glue available online at nyxcosmetics.com double tap if you can't look away from @gabxxrielle's artistry really did that w morphe x @nikitadragun palette @plouisemakeupacademy baseic touch of frost @iconic.london prep set glow revive, calm and soothe your skin with our full spectrum cbd collection 50 mg cbd moisturizer: a gel-cream moisturizer known to soothe and hydrate the skin 100 mg cbd facial oil: a fast-absorbing facial oil infused with marula oil and grapeseed oil known to help balance the skin. 50 mg cbd body cream: helps soothe and moisturize the skin with skin-loving ingredients argan oil and shea butter 50 mg cbd eye cream: infused hyaluronic acid known to soothe and plump, and peptide complex known to help brighten under eyes 5 mg cbd lip oil: infused with notes of peppermint and vanilla as well as 5mg cbd and sunflower seed oil to help retain moisture use the to shop the collection last thing you bought?! let us know in the comments below our answer’s probably pretty obvious @.jocyyyy making our cut crease dreams come true with the bff 20 color shadow palette feel the breeze searching for a hair oil with no weighdown? you're in the right place! our elvive extraordinary oil non-greasy formula, will give you a weightless finishing touch designed for all hair types. keep your blonde cool and healthy with our masque ultra violet! this mask contains blue and purple pigments, ideal for all blondes in need to eliminate unwanted undertones while deeply nourishing, restoring sensitized and lightened hair! @allabonya’s tip to get the best tone? apply this mask once or as often as needed and leave it in for 5 minutes for each use! find your routine by doing an online hair diagnosis in our website: https:www.kerastase.comdiagnose-your-hair new launch! 2 new must-have reflective palettes! there may be a landing on mars, but on earth these are bringing us cosmic space vibes! ultra violet: this beautiful collection of soft, buttery mattes and smooth edgy metallics is joined by multi-dimensional, semi-sheer shades to create breath-taking looks⁣ sugar ray the new formulations have a creamy, molten consistency while the velvety mattes and pretty pressed pearls allow you to achieve an intense array of revolutionary looks⁣ cruelty-free and vegan⁣ available now £8€8.99$10$16aus be bold and powerful like beautiful @novalanalove! dare to wear red lips and don't fear any consequences: our magic fix makes your lipstick and you've got the power! on fleek! how long does it take you to do your brows? reposting these babes @prinoora @nyane @medusabeautyy @bilintinamakeup @noemisparkle @manifestmakeup @nicaphan chanel five rules rouge allure velvet n°58 rouge vie the signature chanel matte red. the global pandemic has had an impact on everyone around the world on many levels. it has also had a tremendous impact on so many businesses. at becca, an accumulation of challenges, together with the global impact of covid-19, has sadly been more than our business can withstand, and we have had to make the heartbreaking decision to close down the becca brand at the end of september 2021. we believe in you, and we believe that the beauty inside you is the light you share with the world. we are confident that the spirit of becca will continue to live on through all of you. please keep illuminating your true selves. light your own paths and push your limits. share positivity and light the way for others as you make an impact on this world. own your light on your own terms. with much love gratitude, team becca learn more: https:www.beccacosmetics.combecca-important-brand-announcement shahira from team revolution wows us with this ultra violet cosmic look using our new reflective palettes! those shades though! wow! yaaasss! ultra-fine, ultra-realistic, reposting the gorgeous @thebeautyradar the perfect pair: new ultimate diamond eye serum its magnetic wand applicator! 91 of women said the massage wand helped ultimate diamond eye serum penetrate deeply around the eyes. consumer testing on 119 women after one product use so cool, it's hot @lishalovesmakeup products used: mint melt cooling face primer, putty eye primer in rose, mint melt eyeshadow palette in mint to be mint melt no budge shadow stick in mint for you and mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint sprinkle tap to shop! those tho! @wing.it.beauty products used- new @hudabeauty “black brown” @hudabeautyshop rose gold remastered palette luminous matte foundation in “gingerbread” @hudabeautyshop in “granola” @hudabeautyshop 3d highlight in gold sands easy bake in “blondie” in “anniversary” everything about @flawlesskevin he goes for and volumizing brow gel to shape his brows! we're all about that base our primed poreless primer provides a flawless, blurred, and matte canvas for perfect makeup application! available at @hsn meet your new favorite multi-taskers. two new two-in-ones, mineralist lip gloss-balm and gen nude blonzer are here to make your life easier and your makeup cleaner. wow! these shades ultra violet or sugar ray you decide comment below with a or and tell us your fave! show off that flirty side all season long with the we wear rouge for empowerment “the last time i saw hajiba we worked together on a creative dance video where i covered her from head to toe in glitter. her grace, strength and patience are a true example. now, almost two years further, she’s a young mother and it’s wonderful to see the sparkle when she’s talking about motherhood, dance and beauty.” @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. shot by @leonsdale makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes capture totale super potent serum dior forever 3w 4w dior forever skin correct 3w diorshow brow styler 004 black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 614 jungle 5 couleurs couture 599 new look dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal dior contour 999 rouge dior 999 velvet dior vernis 999 an extraordinary line you can never have enough extraordinary oil in your home! enriched with a precious blend of 6 flower extracts, leaving your hair feeling beautifully nourished, soft and supple. want fly af nails, but want them fast af? no problem. nail colors dry in 40 seconds and last 5 days pictured, l to r: potassium rich, toasted, and southern belle get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com double tap for @strashme serving some pink realness w the pro artist @alexandriamariee serves this fresh-faced glam using our new spring 2021 faves here are the deets: marshmellow smoothing primer total control pro drop foundation in 'soft beige' sweet cheeks nude'tude born to glow liquid illuminator in 'gleam' brow glue ultimate shadow palette in 'utopia' epic wear liner sticks in 'deepest brown' worth the hype mascara shine loud high shine lip color in 'on a mission' radiant setting spray we're all about that jet set lifestyle even at home! watch @ohemaabonsu get postcard-perfect on our youtube channel bh cosmetics shade matching w @makemeupchris ft. new total control pro drop foundation!! repost @huda tried the tacky trend today i’m feeling myself wearing 4 trends at once bc it’s 2021 hair by @domseeley get more from your foundation with our new, skincare-infused foundation $20 that nourishes skin while delivering a natural, silky finish. find everything morphe @meccamaxima! @meghanbethh is spreading those cosmic vibes today with this amazing art! replay! all eyes on you babe! @iluvsarahii gave our iconic better than sex mascara a makeover in a luxurious glided marble effect! it’s both. new mineralist lip gloss-balm brings all of the shine with none of the stickiness. check out our stories to see our new drop in action. the luxurious and creamy textures of cicaextreme! three ultra caring innovations to intensely care and repair demanding bleached hair! enriched with low and high molecular weight of hyaluronic acid for a boost of hydration. low weight hyaluronic acid is known to deeply penetrate hair and heal profound wounds. high weight hyaluronic acid have intense hydrating function, plumping fiber to recover elasticity and strength. cicaextreme is also enriched with the edelweiss flower to soften and nourish the fiber for shine and health with higher antioxidants to deeply recover the fiber. the more you dare, the more we care. do you have any questions about cicaextreme? ask them in our stories! our us kerastase hairdresser @mattison.hair will answer all questions tomorrow during the qa live! tune in at 6pm paris time tomorrow 10am la time, thursday 25th! the secret to gorgeous eye looks liquid metallic eyeshadows are gel-based and infused with metallic pearls for a shiny finish while our liquid glitter eyeshadows are infused with multi-dimensional glitter for a more shimmery finish products left to right: liquid glitter eyeshadow in copper pop liquid glitter eyeshadow in purple reign liquid metallic eyeshadow in meteor liquid metallic eyeshadow in aurora tap to shop for $5! coverage you control our newly formulated total control pro drop foundation is our secret to a hydrated healthy-looking base! no ashiness, no cakeyness, and no greasiness! drop it down score your perfect match online at nyxcosmetics.com chanel five rules get fired up. try rouge allure velvet in rouge feu for intense colour, comfort and moisture on your lips. @lisaaxlu that fresh mascara feeling our new mascara is here to take your lashes to even greater lengths! what’s your favorite video game?! @jamescharles created pixel perfection using the palette trend created by @sourandnasty @charbarker wears our new bright maker primer as a base for this extra radiant look infused with papaya extract, this peach-tinted primer delivers instant and all-day brighter looking skin while improving and extending makeup wear snag this glowy holy grail online at nyxcosmetics.com pair radiant skin with smoky eyes to mesmerize. @christianschild created this glowing look on @unad using: in light 150 o!mega x three palette in tan-tastic glo! matte gel eye crayon in blacquer coffee mascara eye-conic palette in scandalust lip créme in no angel artistry by: @christianschild photography by: @benjaminbecker re-create @glaminfusion full-on brows using all brow products: in java in oh brow baby lash brow check! transform your whole look with just 3 products: extreme lengthening mascara get the complete eye look at @sephora! @jvanityxo is getting that extra dose of glam w bake set setting powder in translucent rich morphe x @madisonbeer chanel surfing artistry palette filter effect finishing powder in blushing babes in pop of poppy name a better lineup, we'll wait. our lip injection lip gloss, plump prime, and lip injection maximum plump are scientifically proven to plump, fill lift like never before! now until 227: spend $15 on select e.l.f. products @cvsbeauty and get $5 in extrabucks rewards time to stock up on all of your e.l.f. favorites like our lip exfoliators! tap to shop our for $4 it’s the 17 different shades of red lipstick for us all matte everything p.s. this 42 color shadow palette is only $28 @nyane brings the heat with this fierce, fiery glam she wears our epic ink liner makeup setting spray matte to complete the look side eye, but make it snatched who's tried this amaze highlighter, blush, bronzer and contour combo from the bff collection?! @nyane we heard you babes! obsessed with all the love for the bff lip duos and we are working hard to bring you a restock asap given the continued covid situation, we want to be transparent that this restock won’t be available until july but it.is.coming. make sure you sign up on our site to be the first to bag them the second they're back! today’s line-up what products are on your face today!? @maydancini bring your hair to life if your hair feels very dry, nourish it with our elvive extraordinary oil for exceptional shine with no flyaways. it also offers heat protection from up to 230°c. have you had a chance to get your hands on this product yet? spring is almost here! keep your lips moisturized with our artdeco hydra care lipstick n°30 apricot oasis! indian plant extract and a special peptide keep your lips soft and optically refill them. available in 8 different colors.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ photographer: @mo.ciftci⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ mua: @yasminnourallah⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ model: @inthemeantimeinberlin⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ the one with... all the eyeshadow! this 27 shade eyeshadow palette allows you to create endless looks for special occasions, natural nude everyday looks and eye poppin' looks to have people saying oh.my.god! we wear rouge for empowerment do you remember the first time you wore red lipstick? shot by @josephmolines makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes rouge dior 999 velvet dior vernis 999 goes purple with its new cool crème shades designed to cancel out those brassy tones! just follow these three simple steps: cool coloring crème gentle shampoo purple anti-brass conditioner now available in 6 cool shades! sharing some of our fav looks from these incredible black content creators. tag your favs below to spread the love @jackieaina @christinaabiola @itsdeon @justjoykendi @brookedevard @darienisaac @melllsahmed @tshegoseakgoe @jakobejay want the rosiness of a blush and the warmth of a bronzer? new gen nude blonzers give you both in one sweep. shades lr: kiss of pink, kiss of copper kiss of rose. which one are you most excited to try? @mod.young her pick: kiss of pink! oh.my.god now this is the ultimate friends transformation, our is sharing @cakefacerj amazing look double tap if you think this is amazing as we do! how to apply our putty primers with @nobswithanna our putty primer applicator allows you to easily scoop out a pea-sized amount of product and swipe on the skin. the brush side is perfect for buffing the primer into your skin click the to shop putty primers and putty primer applicator bite me for the perfect popsicle-stained pout that won’t quit, get @suprfrk via @revolvebeauty eye-conic essentials! get the perfect eye glam using our shadow insurance primer to lock down pigment and top off your look with better than sex mascara! ready to feel the power of good? you're invited to our virtual villa for an exclusive look at our newest products, sustainability initiatives and more. 12 hours only! sign up now using the we stand in solidarity with the asian and pacific islander communities including our consumers, and brand partners across the globe. we condemn acts of hatred racism of any kind and remain committed to an inclusive future for all. we are more beautiful and stronger together. learn more: @stopaapihate have you collected them all yet? drop a comment and let us know your favourite shade @blendedbeautyblurbs⁣ chanel five rules rouge allure velvet n°57 rouge feu the ultimate fiery-bright red. yes, these swatches are real life. @trendmood1 we wear rouge for boldness “the past year i’ve been working a lot with maryel, we’ve done long and intense shooting days, and her positive, calm vibe reflects on everyone. she’s a true gem and can crack you up when you least expect it.” @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. shot by @leonsdale makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes capture totale super potent serum dior forever 1n 2w dior forever skin correct 1.5n diorshow brow styler 004 black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 999 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal dior contour 846 concorde rouge dior 840 rayonnante dior vernis 849 rouge cinéma bye-bye brassy color with our new purple technology, you can now fight brass for up to 4 weeks and cover those greys 100! all of that with our new excellence cool crème hair color. feel the power of purple sweet like honey our honey dew me up primer is infused with honeydew melon extract to create a smooth and dewy makeup canvas available online at nyxcosmetics.com @sophiageorgiou both the truly stunning and mega-talented @danessamyricks @makeupshayla take us behind the scenes to see them work their magic w makeupphotography: @danessamyricks hair: @keevahair wardrobe: @becmgross the creamiest and dreamiest vote: matte lipstick or cream lipstick @dragunbeauty's dragunglass liquid lip is a matte finish formula enriched with moisturizing ingredients like jojoba oil, vitamin e, and honeysuckle extract shade names: bad bitch nude pink dragun blood vivid red nikita pinky mauve @martaskollection earthy nudes. blooming pinks. juicy berries. sunset corals. fresh-picked reds. new mineralist lip gloss-balm’s 15 nature-inspired shades are made lovingly with sustainably sourced, naturally derived ingredients. nail colors by the numbers: 18 shades 40 seconds to dry 5 days of wear @mira.004 get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow 31 @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com @rafeekalove serves super hydrated skin with the help of our honey dew me up primer shop this dewy essential online at nyxcosmetics.com you heard it here first! tell us what you hope to see 16 years of making beauty accessible for every eye, lip and face what was your first e.l.f. product? tell us in the comments! @savannahk101 keeping your blonde looking fresh and healthy can be quite challenging especially during the winter season. but with the help of these little purple gems, we’ve got you covered! say goodbye to yellow tones, brassiness and color fading by protecting your blonde with thanks to its ultra-hydrating formula and anti-brass agents you’ll recover your bright and illuminated blonde in no time! @daniellemarcan showing us how it’s done! and she finishes her look with a few golden drops of the iconic huile originale what’s your routine? fight brass like a pro and do it from your home with our new excellence cool crème hair color. its new technology with rich purple dyes fights brass week after week. will you try it? line it, smudge it, or layer it with 3 new matte shades of inspired by our iconic, bestselling shade blacquer, reach for boldly roasted-brown blacquer coffee, inky green blacquer emerald, and velvet-berry blacquer currant. available at @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. oh honey our honey dew me up is oh so satisfying @maquillageitup we condemn anti-asian hate crimes and racism in any form. we stand united with all of our fellow citizens in the battle against racism and xenophobia. to learn more about ways to help, please see the resources below to @stopaapihate @apexforyouth gemsquad alert @halloweenkween unlocks the amethyst for february vibes when she's feeling like a humble, clever af rebel @evyxo has us hypnotized with this ombré she frames the look using our lift snatch brow tint pen in 'brunette' inspo: @chloeandcosmetics @stenss @adelesmakeup @alxcext said blue plz w the palette inspired by @daniellemarcan @iservetheface exclusive set alert! a full-size of our new mascara comes in this free chic metallic cosmetic pouch—only available at @hsn for $27! @gabrielle.shoots come thru brows!! @lazybonesbeauty serves flawless, fluffy brows using our lift snatch brow tint pen in 'espresso' brow glue shade match guaranteed! we're giving you 60 days to fall in love w babe! find your shade: filter light 1 fairest with neutral undertones filter light 2 fair with neutral peach undertones filter light 3 fair with pink undertones filter light 4 fair with olive undertones filter light 5 light with golden undertones filter light 6 light with neutral undertones filter light 7 light with pink undertones filter light 8 light-medium with slightly golden undertones filter medium 9 light-medium with neutral undertones filter medium 10 medium with slightly pink undertones filter medium 11 medium with slightly peach undertones filter medium 12 medium with pink undertones filter medium 13 medium with neutral undertones filter medium 14 medium with golden undertones filter medium 15 medium tan with neutral undertones filter medium 16 medium tan with olive undertones filter tan 17 tan with neutral undertones filter tan 18 tan with neutral golden undertones filter tan 19 tan with golden undertones filter tan 20 tan with slightly pink undertones filter tan 21 tan with golden red undertones filter tan 22 deep tan with cool undertones filter tan 23 deep tan with golden red undertones filter tan 24 deep tan with olive undertones filter rich 25 rich with pink undertones filter rich 26 rich with golden undertones filter rich 27 rich with neutral undertones filter rich 28 rich with neutral golden undertones filter rich 29 rich with golden red undertones filter rich 30 deep rich with neutral undertones filter rich 31 deep rich with golden red undertones filter rich 32 deep rich with neutral red undertones filter deep 33 deep with slightly golden undertones filter deep 34 deep with slightly red undertones filter deep 35 deep with neutral undertones filter deep 36 deep with slightly olive undertones filter deep 37 deep with red undertones filter deep 38 deepest with slightly golden red undertones filter deep 39 deepest with cool red undertones filter deep 40 deepest with neutral undertones we love an e.l.f.ing deal right now at @cvsbeauty spend $15 on select e.l.f. products and get $5 in extrabucks rewards until 227 for the epic beauty event beauty perfection! get global beauty director, elyse's, gorgeous glam using our kitty likes to scratch palette, killer liner in killer black, peach bloom in guava glow, better than sex mascara, and born this way foundation. @mxghrebia grooms sets her brows using our new brow glue shop this online at nyxcosmetics.com what would you name @michelleyarimakeup's artistry? said art using: @plouisemakeupacademy base rumour 01. morphe x @jamescharles artistry palette morphe x @maddieziegler the imagination palette inspiration by @imanumua effortlessly smoke out your liner with no-budge smudge. @alissasugawara wears new matte gel eye crayon in blacquer emerald and in medium 280. artistry photography by: @morganemartini exciting news! we will announce our newest tomorrow. who do you think it is? hint: these brows are living rent-free in our heads @byronshears1 wears the one only to get natural shape definition! you wonder, why purple? because of simple color theory! on the color wheel, opposite colors cancel, so purple helps fight yellow and orange undertones… which is why we simply love purple! have you tried it already? let us know in the comments! did you know that you can use our fast base sticks as a foundation and to contour your face too!⁣ available separately or have you seen our fast base contour sets we wear rouge for boldness what about you? how does wearing red lisptick make you feel? shot by @josephmolines makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes rouge dior 840 rayonnante rouge blush 999 our signature glass bottle holds the key to total post-bleach recovery. huile cicaextreme is an instant extreme blonde care shot in a format of a a precious concentrated hair oil. applied on wet or dry hair, huile cicaextreme seals the cuticles raised during bleaching and reduces split ends, leaving hair 91 stronger and 6x shinier with 72h anti-frizz action! get yours now at the nearest salon: hair-salons.kerastase.com closing out with words by the wisest mae jemison. here's to staying focused on you and your journey. contour is back! conceal and contour your face to the max with the new revolution fast base contour sets! featuring two of our best selling revolution fast base foundation sticks, this kit has everything you need for the perfect contoured make up look chanel five rules enjoy the freedom of longwear colour and supple soft lips with rouge allure velvet in libre. jojoba oil and shea butter moisturise while mother-of-pearl pigments deliver rich colour. @lisaaxlu a star on the big screen and beyond, we're thrilled to announce actress @anadarmas as our new ana has taken hollywood by storm, and we're excited for her beauty, warmth and passion to come to life in her upcoming campaigns! 24-hour giveaway you’re invited to join @levis at our virtual villa on march 2! to sign up. plus, one lucky winner will receive this influencer gift box filled with all the products featured during the event! here’s how to enter: 1. like this post 2. follow @bareminerals and @levis 3. tag a friend in the comments below 5. bonus: share to your stories for an additional chance to win no purchase necessary. legal residents of the 50 united states d.c. 18 years or older. ends february 27, 2021 at 11:00 am et. see complete official rules including criteria and prize descriptions: http:bit.ly3dinptk. this sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, or administered by, or associated with instagram. when one just isn't enough drench your lips in plush, juicy color to help your pout appear fuller, plumper, and smoother from the very first swipe! just twist it up, swipe it on and blend out with fingers! double tap if you need this in your life! big volume. big length. big lift. bigger is better with big poppa mascara! with castor oil to nourish, and an hourglass brush featuring 500 bristles to catch every lash. for the biggest and baddest lashes ever! get it @walmart @target @ultabeauty @amazon @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com watt’s up benefam!? tell us how your day went using only emojis! we’ll go first: @gabrielle.shoots congrats to our winners @o0hggee and @madymcfarland we've teamed up with our friends at @misslolaofficial to giveaway a prize pack to help you look e.l.f.ing amazing! 2 lucky winners will receive: $100 gift card to @elfcosmetics $200 gift card to @misslolaofficial rules: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @misslolaofficial [2] tag two or more! friends in the comments. each tag counts as a separate entry. bonus: share this post to your ig stories and tag us! giveaway starts now and ends march 1 at 5 p.m. pt. no purchase necessary. the two winners will be chosen and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. raise of hands if you love the palette @boardgamebeauty we wear rouge for boldness @maryeluchida is wearing rouge dior 840 rayonnante. shot by @josephmolines makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes capture totale super potent serum dior forever 1n 2w dior forever skin correct 1.5n diorshow brow styler 004 black diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 999 5 couleurs couture 689 mitzah dior backstage glow face palette 001 universal dior contour 846 concorde rouge dior 840 rayonnante dior vernis 849 rouge cinéma finish dior vernis 849 rouge cinéma double purple in our excellence cool creme hair color kit, you will find a purple shampoo and a purple mask. they are both developed with the new rich purple technology to effectively fight brass. closed we're treating 1 lucky beauty to the full collection of our viral shine loud high shine lip color here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 9:30 am pt on february 26, 2021 and ends at 9:30 am pt on february 27, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. on set with our new @anadarmas here’s a sneak peek of some of her upcoming campaigns leave a below to help us welcome her to the estée lauder family! congratulations to singersongwriter @madisonbeer for her new studio album life support that officially launched today obsessed with our girls @alondradessy @elsyguevara! tag your bff in the comments have you met our new better than sex mascara packaging!? we launched some sexy limited-edition designs created by your fave social superstars! @cactiwellness's skin has been loving the new ageless collection. each product contains a plant-based retinol alternative to improve texture, visible lines, and dullness in just one week. who else has been feeling ageless with this routine? collect them all! @cndylee777 has shared her collection of our reloaded highlighters blushers double tap if you want this many to pick from every day! can your lippie pass the white blazer test? @sourandnasty swipes one our new shine loud high shine lip color for this bold, transfer-proof lippie shop this viral lippie at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty brings back the edelweiss flower from the original blond absolu range, but in a format of a concentrated oil. have you tried huile cicaextreme yet? let us know your thoughts in the comment section down below! excellent cool have you discovered our new excellence cool crème hair color filled with purple power? if not, go get it! it's here to cancel out those brassy tones in three easy steps. and covers your greys 100 do we need to say more? which shade of our viral shine loud high shine lip color is on your wish-list? @cocoaswatches swatches some of her faves: first row boundary pusher in charge on a mission never basis second row rebel in red next gen thinking life goals third row next gen thinking ambition statement disrupter never basic global citizen friday... we'll drink to that mimosa 16 color shadow palette lights, camera, action! we chatted with our newest global brand ambassador, @anadarmas, to get to know her a bit better. watch now and hear more about her journey as an actress, her beauty favorites, and her thoughts on joining the estée lauder brand. to close out our black history month, e.l.f. is donating $10,000 to @blackgirlscode to help their mission of “introducing programming and technology to a new generation of coders, who will become builders of technological innovation and of their own futures.” empowering others is at the heart of our brand values and black girls code is the embodiment of this value. we invite you to learn more about black girls code by following them @blackgirlscode. read their inspiring stories, see their extraordinary achievements, and learn how together we can change the face of tech. check out our ig story for more information. orange you glad you can stun like @halfagemini with the best-selling take me back to brazil palette?! chanel five rules rouge allure velvet n°62 libre the modern nude pink. what is your fave color combo? @margelis.makeup serves this gorgeous using our epic wear liner sticks in 'pink spirit' 'blue trip' proof that @erosserravalle is a smokey eye expert inspired by @rumakeup oh she glows @makeupemalii perfects her complexion with cakeless concealer in shade 3 and gives her brows a defined, feathery look with in medium brown 24hrbrowsetter! big poppa mascara gets you big volume, big length, and big lift, for the biggest and baddest lashes ever infused with castor oil to nourish lash hairs. bigger is better. get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com taking time to appreciate the morphe x @nikitadragun color story show us in the comments your lovr for it too @amythedutchess completes this smoldering with our epic wear liner stick in 'pitch black' @itsclaudiane's pigment is poppin' through the screen using: morphe x @jaclynhill palette morphe x @jamescharles palette in bar in chill new limited-edition designs, same amazing lashes!! our iconic better than sex mascara, all dressed up by your fave tf bff!! @meicrosoft uses our epic wear liquid liner in 'white' to add the finishing touches to this airbrushed-inspired eye look inspo: @stenss inspired as e.l.f.: looks we are loving this week we love our e.l.f. community and we wanted to show off some of our favorite looks from this week make sure to tag @elfcosmetics and use the hashtag in your looks for a chance to be featured next week palette perfection what’s your favorite shade from our blush, bronze highlight palette!? goals by our lovely ashley finally!! microshade pencil is here using love that it gives you that crisp, microbladed look or a nice, natural brow which i loveeee the tip is thin, so warm it up with your finger for the best results la vie en rouge can you feel the l'oréal heat? we do! tell us which one of these products is your current favorite? infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder elvive color vive mask revitalift laser spf 20 day care cream rouge signature 113 'i don't' color queen eyeshadow 06 'ferocious' we wear rouge for amazement what lipstick's colour surprises you the most? shot by @josephmolines makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural rouge dior 100 nude look repost @huda i love my love handles too much to photoshop them hair by @domseeley why we love the 5d mascara it lengthens, with an extreme extension formulation⁣ it lifts, taking lashes to new heights with a gentle-on-eyes agent.⁣ it defines, thanks to an ergonomic 2-way fibre technology wand.⁣ the cutting-edge wand hugs and coats each lash after just one coat⁣ it stretches, for bigger, brighter, wide-awake eyes⁣ it volumizes, infused with hyaluronic acid to rehab and rebuild weak lashes @aerin’s new mediterranean honeysuckle in bloom is inspired by a sun-drenched summer’s day. immerse yourself with intoxicating floral notes of jasmine and tuberose and wrap yourself in the delicious warmth of honey close your eyes and let the fragrance bring you to the iconic seaside of the mediterranean. cut your routine in half with our new multi-tasking must-have. gen nude blonzer is a bronzer and blush in one and it’s here to make your life easier. all we can say is wow to those 5d lashes have you tried our best mascara yet? @morganraemakeup sign up to receive our email newsletter full of more savings and you’ll be entered to win a $25 wet n wild gift card winners are announced every monday! sign up at wetnwildbeauty.comgiveaways when you take a smoky eye and make it fiery this sultry eye is brought to you by @paulagarciamua and our color icon shadow palettes get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com which one is your fav? rocking ivy park’s newest collection icy park! @adidasmena @huda enhance your natural lash and brow hairs with our enhancing lash brow serum formulated with powerful ingredients including antioxidants, amino acids and vitamins to make hairs appear longer, thicker and fuller tap to shop for $8 so fresh and so clean which extra clean formula are you most obsessed with?! have you applied mascara with our paddle brush yet? it lifts, lengthens and defines, and it was designed just for our strength length serum-infused mascara. loving this galactic girl moment from @chrisspy she dressed up our iconic better than sex mascara in an interstellar blue, inspired by her childhood nickname, blue girl! supercharged length lift comin’ right up! no falsies here, just the real results of they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara! our newest brush! the revolution create soap styler brow brush soap, laminate hold with 1 double ended brush what's your favorite shade from the morphe x @jaclynhill volume ii palette? @cultbeauty if you want a glamorous and strong all red look... turn up the volume! go ahead and induldge in this asmr tutorial to get glammed up the l'oréal way starry-eyed by @alexmarieartistry who completes this stellar with our matte liquid liner shop your fave liners at nyxcosmetics.com drop a if you love @iluvsarahii in we celebrate all women and individual beauty! a look as unique and powerful as you are dare to try something new!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ recreate this look or show us your unique, powerful makeup look and tag @artdecobeauties for the chance to be featured!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°10 pearly white⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°540 matt vineyard peach⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°531 matt brick⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ fierce in blue @mimizrs takes this stunning look to the next level with our epic ink liner cop this essential at nyxcosmetics.com clean coverage for all skin types and tones. new original liquid mineral foundation comes in 11 different shade intensities and 3 undertones. browse all 30 shades and virtually try them on at bareminerals.com. be one of the 5 lucky winners to win a $150 e-gift card to shop everything morphe more on morphe.com! how to enter: follow @morphebrushes! like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop your fave 9-pan palette in emoji form good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 3221, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. we don't call our hangover collection deeply hydrating for nothin' our hangover primer, setting spray, and serum help hydrate and replenish skin while locking down makeup for a fresher, longer, and more flawless wear. treat yourself to some sparkle bday or not! who's already building their jewel box?! @safai305 in garnet for january 7 color shadow palette in honor of we wanted to hear from our what character trait makes them feel beautiful share with us what makes you feel beautiful below @giorginajuanita uses the soap care styler with our new soap styler brush do you like this brow look? this is one before after lash it loud review you don’t want to miss! @kellyrosesarno loves our $6 vegan lash it loud mascara for mega volume that stays- have you tried it yet? tap to shop! this rich oil softens and nourishes the fiber for shine and health with higher antioxidants to deeply recover the fiber. would you dare? a lady in red the color red represents confidence, courage and love! we believe every woman possesses these qualities, so don't be afraid to wear that red lipstick or eyeshadow. we dedicate this look to you! who loves a precise wing? our epic ink liner brings the pigment not to mention, she's waterproof wake up on the bright side with a shot of espresso and concealer and foundation. creamy, caffeine-infused coverage visibly brightens and re-energizes skin. available now at @harveynichols, @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. how many magnets can you spot?! count them all and you could win our new mascara! this color combo though @slaywa wears our butter gloss in 'praline' 'madeleine' for this everyday lippie what's your fave shade? @itszaybaybay is wearing foundation in rich 27 inspired by @laurelyse shirt by @hgcapparel thank you @xixiyang for speaking out about this important topic you can do your part to help by using your voice, volunteering and giving back to organizations in your community we're celebrating the beauty of black with pull up for change. we are offering a limited-edition make it black release of our best-selling continuous setting mist $16 with 100 of the net proceeds benefitting the @pullupforchange impact fund to support black founders. discover more makeitblack.org join the on all social channels! products are sold exclusively in the usa, while supplies last. for more information, please visit www.makeitblack.org. affiliate codes do not apply. pucker up to our og butter gloss @maidofbeauty swatches 'creme brulee' for this sweet lippie our is beautiful, inside and out swipe to hear their stories in honor of fall in love with lip injection maximum plump! it hydrates, nourishes, and visibly plumps your lips! we love a good selfcare saturdays. check out @styledbyhrush now for a chance to win one of hrush's morphe 9-piece self-care set personally curated with the ultimate face, hair, and body set for your makeup pre-game or a nighttime wind down. available at morphe.com $49usd an $87 value @smithadepak is our forever brow inspo she wears precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 6 cool soft black to outline define her arches! grabbing our fave butter gloss in ‘merengue’ for the weekend which lippie are you rocking get plumped up, hydrated skin with holy hydration! face cream this lightweight cream instantly sinks into the skin for a smooth, non-greasy feel and soft, supple skin tap to shop for $12! can you say power couple!? experience the magical pore-blurring effect of our primer setting spray duo. poof—perfectly smooth skin! @unicornensh a powerful look for a gorgeous, strong woman! sometimes we have to admit that more is more! have you already tried our awesome eyeshadow jewels? you've got the power!⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ recreate the look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ beauty box trio⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°810 sparkle shooting star⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°820 sparkle moon dust⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°830 sparkle plum pudding⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ metallic lip jewels n°40 extravagant⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ meet our advanced anti-ageing cream, revitalift laser spf 20 day care cream! it immediately hydrates, firms and evens skin tone. and after 4 weeks? crow's feet wrinkles are visibly reduced. what do you most about it? we wear rouge for amazement @hanneloreknuts is wearing rouge dior 100 nude look. shot by @josephmolines makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes dior forever skin glow 0n 2n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 962 poison matte 5 couleurs couture 769 tutu rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural dior contour 100 nude look rouge dior 100 nude look dior vernis 413 grège we wear rouge for amazement “i met hannelore over twenty years ago, her first fashion show in paris was also my first show. it’s striking to see how she still is much the same as she was in the early days a beautiful woman with a fantastic personality.” @peterphilipsmakeup, creative image director of dior makeup. shot by @leonsdale makeup by @peterphilipsmakeup hair by @josephpujalte nails by @elsadeslandes dior forever skin glow 0n 2n diorshow brow styler 001 universal brown diorshow maximizer 3d diorshow iconic overcurl 090 black rouge blush 962 poison matte 5 couleurs couture 769 tutu rouge dior satin balm 000 diornatural dior contour 100 nude look rouge dior 100 nude look dior vernis 413 grège new launch! we have extended our @revolutionskincare charcoal skincare range and have added 2 new products! get ready to cleanse those pores for a gunk free complexion pore cleansing charcoal nose strips: say bye-bye to nose blackheads. one pack includes 6 strips £5€4.99$5$10aus⁣⁣ pore cleansing charcoal peel off mask: peel your way to a clearer complexion with charcoal and natural extracts £6€6.99$6$12aus⁣⁣ vegan cruelty free⁣⁣ made in south korea.⁣⁣ tap link in bio to shop! gorg coming through! @foxxy.dxb repost the stunning @foxxy.dxb omg!!! i have a new absolute favorite brow pencil the new by @hudabeauty so so so good! soap brows have never been that easy! tip: use setting powder before applying the pencil for more graphic and sharp look discover the mediterranean with @aerin. signature mediterranean honeysuckle is a floral citrus fragrance with notes of gardenia, honeysuckle, and jasmine. new mediterranean honeysuckle in bloom introduces a honeyed intensity to our best-selling scent. feel the eternal optimism of the sun’s rays with traditional retinols often irritate skin, causing dryness, redness and flakiness. our plant-based alternative delivers the same great results, without the irritation. gorgg inspo by these babes!! which is your fav? repost @makeupbydossantos shade @karishmua shade @zohralahib shade @sydn4sty @ohitsbreee shade @amelia.szczepaniak shade @makeupsang @makeupmolly buff, shape and blend to perfection with the revolution create brush range the perfect collection for liquid and powder products, these multipurpose brushes are ideal for professionals and beginners alike get perfectly curled and lifted eyelashes every time with high on lash eyelash curler get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty and always at wetnwildbeauty.com watch @creative.cliche's thoughts on our so happy you love it gorgeous comment below your fav thing about our our complexion products just hit different. this original get started kit includes some of our most iconic must-haves for luminous, natural coverage in three easy steps. prime time foundation primer to smooth imperfections and prep the skin original foundation spf 15 for buildable, all-day coverage that promotes radiant, healthier-looking skin mineral veil finishing powder to lock your foundation into place and blur pores for a smooth finish shop it exclusively @ultabeauty. the whole too faced squad pulling up like spam the comments with pink emojis if you spot your fave! brow lamination with less mess! check out @miabgalvan’s tips for getting the look! pro tip: our custom-molded wand has a flat edge that’s perfect for pushing brow hairs up sealing them in place! blushed to the nines our putty blush is a lightweight but buildable, cream-to-powder blush infused with argan oil and vitamin e for a flushed-from-within glow apply it with our putty blush brush for best results tap to shop putty blush for $6 and putty blush brush for $4! collection in emojis: @giia.gi how lush are the @makeuprevolution ‘create’ brushes?! such great quality and stunning to look at via @the.beauty.boo i spy with my little eye... something beginning with the letter 'i'. you guessed right! it's our infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder. everyone on tik tok is obsessed with the natural, matte finish that this product offers! ready, set, fake that summer glow @nyahyuld in paradise set illuminating setting spray @alishabeautyx slays this stacked liner moment using our epic ink liner @corrinereed’s morning routine: a shot of espresso and caffeine concealer and foundation. corrine wears: in light 150 o!mega x three palette mascara enamored gloss stick in mocha choco-lata! what's your favorite morphe lipstick? @aprilchristinaa is wearing our out a pout smoky red lip trio one of our must-haves that empower your makeup! our eyeshadow base makes your eyeshadow highly long-lasting, more intense and brilliant. can you see the difference between the left and the right side? left eye: without eyeshadow base right eye: with eyeshadow base beauty starts with self-love camilla, director, product marketing for names one trait that makes her feel beautiful and why in honor of and the liner? sharp! @zeezyxbeauty uses our epic ink liner to serve this sleek wing warning looking at the morphe x @nikitadragun palette will help you unleash the dragun @martaskollection omg @rebeccaseals really digging lip injection maximum plump right now. i’ve always hyped up the og formula but this one is on another level when it comes to plumping!⁣⁣ light-as-air, medium coverage that works like skincare to leave skin looking naturally luminous. original liquid mineral foundation uses plant-derived squalane to nourish, hydrate and help protect skin against moisture loss. the fact that alllll of these brush bbs are so pretty and so vegan which one is your fave?! forever flawless allure forever flawless limitless allure forever flawless dynamic allure have you collected all 3 yet? double tap if you want them all! pretty as a peach dress your cheeks in their sunday best with georgia blush! @andrea.beautybay the most gorgeous glosses mint melt lip plumping gloss plumps and hydrates the lips for a super glossy look shade names: hint of mint mint sprinkle mint chocolate chocolate chip tap to shop for only $4, also available exclusively @walmart cicaflash, the super hyaluronic acid shot of care for your blonde hair! this opalescent milky gel with a soft lavender hue offers the restorative performance of a masque with the lightweight finish of a conditioner. it intensively restores sensitized hair, nourishing the fiber. the combination of hyaluronic acid and edelweiss flower instantly smoothes, strengthens and softens sensitized lightened hair while providing deep nutrition. ideal for all blondes, cicaflash will restore the hair fiber, preventing breakage and erosion. hair is soft and moisturized while remaining lightweight and luminous. is cicaflash part of your blonde care routine? have you tried it yet? tap, tap and voilà! some say it's magic, but it's just our infaillible 24h freshwear foundation in a powder. in one application, get everything you want from a liquid foundation: transfer resistant, full coverage a soft matte finish! @chloeybeauty uses our to achieve this tattoo inspired heat up your look with the o!mega x three palette in tantalize glo!, featuring an ultra-blendable trio of blush, highlighter, and our cult-favorite bronzer shade tantalize. available at @harveynichols, @sephora, @sephoracanada, and marcjacobsbeauty.com. the next gem in our birthstone collection drops tomorrow, only on our site who's ready to look like a dream in aquamarine for march? @vivalabiba uses our lift snatch brow tint pen in 'ash brown' to slay snatched arches pack your bags and escape to a world of vibrant florals and radiant sunshine without leaving your home! @aerin's new mediterranean honeysuckle in bloom energizes the senses with luminous notes of honeysuckle, gardenia, and grapefruit blended with jasmine and tuberose. bask in the honeyed warmth of the mediterranean sun tap to shop this limited-edition fragrance, now! we like our lashes to make a big statement like @michelleyarimakeup w @makeupbyyro uses our new lift snatch brow tint pen to serve flawless, fluffy brows which morphe product would you want an unlimited supply of go off, morphe x @maddieziegler palette gloss pop face eye gloss glassified lip oil wondertint cheek lip mousse pop of peach blush trio 8m medium vibes face palette in boho frose in taunt @flatlay2slay we’ll keep our emails spicy thank you very much! @feministabulous via @phenomenal juicy, plump lips are always in! take your pout to the max with our lip injection maximum plump!! brow down to @stefybmakeup's using: in java in translucent this gloss deserves a close up our mint melt lip plumping gloss in mint sprinkle is ultra moisturizing and gives a boost of fullness and hydration to the lips with vanilla mint scent use the to shop for $4, also available exclusively @walmart @my.perspective.of.beauty from dawn till dusk, concealer and foundation delivers longwear coverage for visibly smoother, even skin. artistry by @christianschild using shade deep 410 under eyes and deep 470 contour on @wendyscosmos. photography by: @benjaminbecker the science behind our new they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara: magnets! extender brush with magnetic core magnetic mineral enriched formula work synergistically to build extreme length powerful lift! you've got the power! strong women need a strong makeup! dare something new and style up your confident power look. swipe left to have a close look of the stunning eye and lip details. recreate this look: bronzing powder n°30 terracotta ultra fine brow liner n°11 coal brow filler n°3 brown high precision liquid liner n°01 black all in one mascara n°01 black blusher n°35 oriental blush perfect color lipstick n°806 artdeco red magic fix glow powder n°3 silk road image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup stay connected something big is coming… can you guess which new superstar serum is being launched in europe? here are 2 hints for you: 1.it’s a top powerful ingredient recommended by dermatologists 2.it helps to correct all wrinkles, even deep ones! you’ve got it? that glitter shade! swipe to find out what palette this amazing shade belongs to @crazybeautifulmakeup⁣ powerful looks for powerful women! no matter what look you choose for yourself today, remember that you've got the power and that nothing can stop you! do you prefer a shaded lip or a colorful eye look? let us know in the comments below. absolutely gorgeous glam by @lasnika comment your go-to shade below every routine follows 3 steps: bathe, treat and prime. the leave-in gesture is crucial and non negotiable to have healthy hair. as we all know, brushing, heating tools and friction are daily aggressors of the hair but a good leave-in will do its job by protecting your hair fiber at all times. huile cicaextreme is an instant, extreme blonde care in a precious concentrated hair oil. our signature glass bottle holds the key to total post-bleach recovery. how to apply? it can be used on towel-dried hair before blow-dry or air-dry; as well as on dry hair. huile cicaextreme seals the cuticles raised during bleaching and reduces split ends, leaving hair 91 stronger and 6x shinier. you dare, we care to the extreme! @shazzwazz had us daydreaming about the ultimate nudes palettes in dark, medium light tag someone who would love to try these get ready. we’re about to prove that less really does more. look at those legendary lashes on @tyanna810! she knows that mascara is the biggest, baddest, and the best! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com today's one of our favorite quotes from our founder, mrs. estée lauder! as we enter we remind ourselves that there is magic and power in being a woman estée lauder defied conventions in 1946 and was fearlessly persistent to make her dreams become a reality. decades later, her impact still resonates. tap the link in our bio to learn more about our founder and her impact in beauty beyond! she's glossy bossy! @soolmuaz gets this juicy, plush color with our lip injection lip gloss shade glossy bossy for beautiful, plumped lips! @beautyartbyadi is ready swipe through to see the before after better than sex like you've never seen it before! experience the mascara in america in sexy, limited edition designs created by the beauty influencers you love! which limited-edition design are you grabbing? comment below! enter to win: friends with benefit sweepstakes today we're partnering with our friends at @revolve @revolvebeauty to bring you all of your makeup wardrobe essentials! two lucky babes will have the chance to win a $500 revolve.com gift card a $500 benefitcosmetics.com gift card! here's how to enter: “like this post tag 3 friends in the comments below follow @revolve, @revolvebeauty @benefitcosmetics with your publicly viewable ig account entry period: 7 a.m. pst on 3121 to 11:59 p.m. pst on 3721. no purchase necessary. open to legal residents of 50 u.s. d.c. except r.i. who are age 18 at entry. void where prohibited. link to official rules: bit.lyfriendswithbenefitsweepstakes you're invited to a virtual getaway with clean beauty ambassador @haileybieber! join her tomorrow and discover the power of good. one day only! tuesday, march 2 9:00 am to 9:00 pm et sign up at the you're my type did you know we have a full revolution home range? match your candle room spray diffuser in your favourite scent the third monthly drop aquamarine for march happy birthday, march babes! give or get this month's gem only on our site, for only $9 plus free us shipping today only happy this month and every day we are celebrating the e.l.f.ing amazing women that make this world a better place how we are celebrating: we are currently hosting a write-a-thon on @wattpad to spotlight young female voices! upload your story on @wattpad's beauty profile with the hashtag for the chance to win a $500 visa gift card and more. we’ll be highlighting women within the e.l.f. cosmetics organization and sharing their inspiring stories! congratulations to @anyataylorjoy who was awarded best performance by an actress in a television limited series for her role in 'the queen’s gambit' at the 78th annual @goldenglobes. wearing a green lurex draped dress with matching belt and evening coat, custom designed by @mariagraziachiuri, she was also made up with @diormakeup. makeup: georgie eisdell @georgieeisdell h hair: gregory russell @gregoryrussellhair stylist: law roach @luxurylaw foundationconcealer dior forever skin glow 0n dior forever skin correct concealer 0n blush dior rouge blush 475 rose caprice matte dior backstage glow face palette metallic platinum eyes diorshow 5 couleurs 599 new look mascara diorshow iconic overcurl black lips dior satin balm 000 diornatural dior rouge 434 promenade dior contour 100 nude look and our anti-wrinkle superstar is… the new laser pure retinol night serum! some of you have guessed it right! our superstar serum formulated with pure retinol is available in europe. its concentrated formula renews skin night after night and reduces wrinkles for 100 of women! are you ready to try it? clinical study on 49 subjects clinical scoring of face wrinkles at 4 months women power! dare something new on your nails and show us your favorite power look. which one is your shade? let us know in the comments below sooo cute @fluffyfaceenzo brows really do change a face! came thru drippin' drop on customizable coverage with our newly reformulated total control pro drop foundation the lightweight formula gives skin a natural, healthy-looking finish, while keeping skin looking hydrated and looking 100 your skin no sulfates. no preservatives. no mineral oil. no nasties. available online at nyxcosmetics.com forgetting about winter with these warm neutrals from morphe x @madisonbeer palette @flatlay2slay this light-as-air emulsion treats skin right. new original liquid mineral foundation incorporates mineral-based pigments and plant powders for skin-perfecting coverage that’s completely clean. @ultabeauty simple and intuitive. makeup with les beiges. marine vacth is wearing the b30 shade of les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. les beiges. natural is a style. available in 35 shades. obsessing over this dream range of bedroom products double tap if you agree @muabea discover our most potent form of retinol pure retinol is a top dermatologist-recommended ingredient, which helps to renew skin. charged with 0,2 of pure retinol, our laser pure retinol night serum corrects all wrinkles, even deep ones! care for your blonde day and night, work week to weekend because your hair deserves it! kérastase identified different types of bleached blondes with specific hair needs. the new completes the classic range with three ultra-caring products containing upgraded formulas of hyaluronic acid duo and edelweiss oil. this range extension allows you to mix match the perfect routine for your hair needs and can be integrated into your blond absolu ritual. swipe right to explore all the blond absolu routines! @isabelleikpeme is serving serene stunning looks in aquamarine for march’s vegan and extra clean! blue hues a lil monday pro artist @makeupbyash.a serves this glowy full-coverage moment using our new faves here's the tea: bright maker primer total control pro drop foundation in 'classic tan' can't stop won't stop concealer sweet cheeks soft cheek tint in 'coralicious' epic wear liner sticks in 'deepest brown' when those extra hours up were worth the dark circles @emmachamberlain @badhabitbeauty eyes open caffeine peptide cream $19usd is your wonder gel eye cream. instantly brighten and leave your wide-eyed and well-rested when you need a pick-me-up. benefits: brightening power of marine algae illuminating pigments caffeine peptides reduce the appearance of puffiness and dark circles mango butter and oat extract pamper and hydrate launch dates: 31 morphe.com 323 morphe stores congratulations to @anyataylorjoy who was awarded best performance by an actress in a television limited series for her role in 'the queen’s gambit' at the 78th annual @goldenglobes. wearing a green lurex draped dress with matching belt and evening coat, custom designed by @mariagraziachiuri, she was also made up with @diormakeup. makeup: georgie eisdell @georgieeisdell h hair: gregory russell @gregoryrussellhair stylist: law roach @luxurylaw foundationconcealer dior forever skin glow 0n dior forever skin correct concealer 0n blush dior rouge blush 475 rose caprice matte dior backstage glow face palette metallic platinum eyes diorshow 5 couleurs 599 new look mascara diorshow iconic overcurl black lips dior satin balm 000 diornatural dior rouge 434 promenade dior contour 100 nude look if you're a purple lover drop your fave purple emoji sale alert, get this 39s such a gem palette for 50 off today! $18 org, $35 what's your mix up your perfect match using our newly reformulated total control pro drop foundation new hue shifters! find your perfect match using the 'virtual try on' feature available exclusively on nyxcosmetics.com @honeydewgloss a power couple apply our medium-to-full coverage camo cc cream with our cruelty-free and vegan 2-in-1 complexion duo brush for a flawless, airbrushed finish have you tried out this combo? tell us what you think in the comments! tap to shop camo cc cream $14 and the complexion duo brush $8 mentally we are here physically we are happy monday, benebabes! which product is your fave from @dixiedamelio? brow crush tinted brow gel⁣⁣ happy glaze lipgloss⁣ gleamcatcher illuminator l-balm lip balm prep polish lip scrub available at @ultabeauty @tiarramonet mixes up her using our new total control pro drop foundation in 'mocha' hue shifter in 'light' discover your personalized virtually try on your shades at nyxcosmetics.com squad goals @bakeandglow in bff 20 color shadow palette which @dragunbeauty dragunglass liquid lip shade is calling out your name? back-in-stock nikita pinky mauve dragun blood vivid red bad bitch nude pink @flatlay2slay on repeat @rileyhubatka trying out our newest drop: mascara! drip, drip say goodbye to sulfates, preservatives, and mineral oils with our reformulated total control pro drop foundation build your coverage from sheer, to medium, or full using the precise and easy-to-use pro dropper. available online at nyxcosmetics.com shades that will make your heart flutter our be my lover mini eye shadow palette has 8 sexy shades that will keep you pretty on the go with a silky smooth formula for effortless blending! big glitter fans @anknook uses our wow brow gel in deep brown and eyebrow kit in medium for her perfected brows tap to shop! me looking at my phone when calls me fill in the blank @ikamandaartistry glammed it to in: luminous setting spray ever have trouble finding your perfect foundation match? we gotchu pro artist @alexandriamariee spills the tea on how to achieve a flawless shade match every single time 100 shade match guaranteed! head over to click connect on any product page to speak to any pro artist now! in case you haven’t heard, our iconic mascara got a magnetic makeover! new they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara is everything you love about the original, supercharged for extreme results! international patent-pending technology the laser pure retinol night serum formula is stabilized to protect retinol from degradation to remain potent and deliver powerful results from the first to the last drop. let us know in comments what you love the most about it the gorgeous @beautybyroxc applying the 5d lash mascara made our whole day would you try it for yourself? sometimes we need to be brave and fear no consequences when applying new products! bold is beautiful do you agree? swipe left to see a passionate pink look. look 1: eyeshadow n°255 aero spring green eyeshadow n°261 green harmony eyeshadow n°373 glam gold dust long-lasting liquid liner n°08 blue soft eyeliner waterproof n°72 green turquoise blusher n°23 deep pink blush hot chili lip booster 3 in 1 make-up fixing spray look 2: eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve eyeshadow n°90 pearly antique purple eyeshadow n°115 pearly pleasant breeze blusher n°23 deep pink blush hot chili lip booster n°3 rosy chili 3 in 1 make-up fixing spray image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup powerful results validated by dermatologists after 20 years of research, the l’oréal paris laboratories have developed the laser pure retinol night serum to fight key signs of aging. its formula was validated in partnership with an advisory panel of dermatologists through comprehensive ingredient screening for efficacy, safety, and tolerance and a thorough review of test protocols and results. amazing before after by these beauties! tag a lover! repost @swatchqueen1 @makeeupbymel @amanda.redding @amylindenmoyer congratulations to @anyataylorjoy who was awarded best performance by an actress in a television limited series for her role in 'the queen’s gambit' at the 78th annual @goldenglobes. wearing a green lurex draped dress with matching belt and evening coat, custom designed by @mariagraziachiuri, she was also made up with @diormakeup. makeup: georgie eisdell @georgieeisdell h hair: gregory russell @gregoryrussellhair stylist: law roach @luxurylaw foundationconcealer dior forever skin glow 0n dior forever skin correct concealer 0n blush dior rouge blush 475 rose caprice matte dior backstage glow face palette metallic platinum eyes diorshow 5 couleurs 599 new look mascara diorshow iconic overcurl black lips dior satin balm 000 diornatural dior rouge 434 promenade dior contour 100 nude look sound on how satisfying is this asmr of the 5d lash mascara? a treat to your senses and your lashes created by @kerbom3 on tiktok blond absolu is the ultimate answer for all blondes. a unique combination of potent hyaluronic acid and edelweiss flower deeply nourished fiber and neutralizes brassiness for an illuminated blonde. recently, as you all know, we amped up our blonde care with a powerful extension of the blond absolu collection with highly upgraded hyaluronic acid duo and edelweiss oil. a potent blonde care products that you can add on to your usual blonde care routine, or swap out when you’re looking for some extra care. it’s easy to do, and it’s always a treat for you and your hair! you dare, we care to the extreme find your at-home blonde care routine with at www.kerastase.com go big with big poppa mascara! with nourishing castor oil and an hourglass brush with 500 bristles, your lashes will be the biggest and baddest out there. get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com that instant hydrating feel. new mineralist lip gloss-balm uses sustainably sourced cold-pressed fruit oils to nourish and condition lips —while delivering non-sticky shine you’ll love. eye spy e.l.f.ing amazing eye products for $6 and under products featured: no budge shadow sticks, putty eye primers, bite size eyeshadows, no budge retractable eyeliner, h2o proof eyeliner, liquid glitter eyeshadows and liquid metallic eyeshadows comment below which one of these is your go-to tap to shop! les beiges. simple and intuitive makeup. as radiant as if you had spent a day in the great outdoors. available in 35 shades. shop the shades: les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear b30 and br172 les beiges water-fresh tint medium light and deep with brush les beiges healthy glow sheer powder 30 and 70 a full look using revolution! we love this from @thestyleride thank you so much for sharing with us.⁣ keep tagging us in your looks for your chance to be featured on your grid. our revolution family is everything how to get laminated brows with @annabelzz she completes her brow routine with our brow microfilling pen, boi-ing cakeless concealer hello happy air stick foundation! a plumper that packs a punch! our lip injection lip gloss, plump prime, and lip injection maximum plump are scientifically proven products that plump, full, and lift like never before!! power duo discover the power of our revitalift duo! at night, apply 2-3 drops of the laser pure retinol night serum to fight wrinkles and renew skin night after night. in the morning, apply the 1,5 hyaluronic acid to hydrate and replump lines from within. make sure to follow up with an spf moisturizer to protect your skin. your skin will thank you! the og what year did we launch our iconic the porefessional face primer?! @gabrielle.shoots this is a sign to ditch your drawer of mismatched foundation we guarantee a 100 shade match with our new total control pro drop foundation hue shifters. don't believe us? check out 'click connect' on nyxcosmetics.com to get started meet 9u catch the sun palette $12usd this sunny palette of happy-glow-lucky hues will turn any day—and look—around now available on morphe.com morphe stores! grab any two of our 9-pan palettes at morphe for $20. unedited vs edited. edits like this are the reason why i think we need to keep it real and be transparent so people understand the difference between what’s real and fake and don’t believe in an unattainable beauty standard. i’ve been in this space for a long time and i’ve felt sooo much pressure myself to edit my pictures and to try to fit into this online idea of the perfect body. i’m learning to be comfortable in my own skin i hope you can join me on this journey. love you all so much @huda stand proud and confident with the new dior forever foundation collection. get ready to discover the next chapter of this iconic long-wear foundation story built around sisterhood, led by natalie portman. @trevor.j.barrett is living that @morphe2 naturally radiant finish life @leyla.stefani @lilaccreatives say yes to bold and powerful! style your statement lips with our perfect color lipstick n°806 artdeco red and highlight your eyes with our high precision liquid liner n°01 black. swipe left to take a closer look on the eyes. image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup conscious convos: check out our chat w @oohweeeg @sarahglow about and representation in beauty gemsquad alert @zacharyedward reps his birthday month and his most relatable aquamarine for march traits by being an affectionate daydreamer with a big heart wait whilst we're having an affinity moment feeling flawless with this palette is a given with 18 matte, shimmer and marbled pressed glitter eyeshadows, you’ll be spoilt for choice! @asianqueen1 is a mega babe in our born this way foundation and peach bloom lip cheek tint! the more you dare, the more we care! as you know already is an extension of the blond absolu range upgraded with a duo of high and low molecular weight hyaluronic acid for your post-procedure healing care. a trio designed for ultra-demanding blonde that can be mixed matched with your current blond absolu routine. for the crucial days after bleaching, get 94 stronger and 85 more hydrated hair with cicaextreme. for our natural blondies who are simply looking for that extra care, this can also be integrated into your routine meet 9e pretty in peach palette $12usd a playful palette of peachy, ultra-wearable shades for chic looks 247 now available on morphe.com morphe stores! grab any two 9-pan palettes at morphe for $20. the hydrating core lip shine squad these sheer tinted lip balms have a heart-shaped core packed with lip-loving ingredients to moisturize, condition and nourish the lips and come in eight shades tap to shop for $6 @thejackieflores serves this smokey using our epic ink liner escape artist shadow palette tag a friend who would rock this look mattes, shimmers and pressed glitters which dazzling finish in for is your fave?! follow us on bhcosmeticsofficial because all beauties deserve to be radiant, we are proud to introduce shortly the next chapter in the dior forever long-wear foundation story. like a health shot for skin. the skinlongevity collection uses secret superfood long life herb to boost skin's health and immunity. head over to @ultabeauty to grab our skin-strengthening essentials. picture of perfection @islobodianik frames her faces using precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 3.5 medium and 24-hour brow setter clear brow gel! @margiezank customizes her daily using our new total control pro drop foundation hue shifter in 'warm' for a warmer undertone add a few drops of this hue shifter to achieve your perfect shade gemsquad alert happy bday month, @miarandria! she rocks aquamarine for march’s unique vibes by being slightly shy, affectionate and having a big heart this clear, never-sticky gloss pop face eye gloss subtly illuminates @olgadann gorgeous features for a fresh, dewy look. not a drill last call to get your bff collection palettes @ultabeauty before they leave stores on 313 @maquillageitup snaps a pic of our new total control pro drop foundation hue shifters created to customize a perfect shade match! here's how they work: add yellow to shift foundation warmer add red to shift foundation cooler add black to shift foundation darker add white to shift foundation lighter not sure which undertone you are? we gotchu! head over to 'click consult' to speak to a pro artist to learn more! who else wants more is our long-wearing mascara that gives large and in charge lashes that won’t flake out skincare and chill pamper, nourish, and revitalize your skin with our hangover wash the day away cleanser!! @chantellsmakeup we can't get enough of the sparkle from @kyahevenmua how got the look: morphe x @madisonbeer palette no filter, just camo @varijstylez applys our camo cc cream in deep 560 c with our complexion duo brush for this flawless af look other products used: hydrating camo concealer in deep cinnamon, liquid glitter eyeshadow in dirty martini and sheer slick lipstick in golden pear use the to shop tell us you’re addicted to blush without telling us you’re addicted to blush: pro artist @xoivettea creates her own using our new total control pro drop foundation hue shifter in ‘warm’ shop your perfect match online at nyxcosmetics.com dior forever starts today! show off your beauty and showcase your confidence by taking care of your skin with dior forever like our muse @natalieportman, the perfect embodiment of the dior forever woman. get ready to discover the next foundation chapter soon, and stand out with confidence! powerful results you can see our clinical study proved the laser pure retinol night serum visibly reduces wrinkles after 4 months of use for 100 of women. how the results were measured? their skin was analyzed before and after by an independent institute with notary certified before and after pictures. have you tried it already? clinical study on 49 subjects, clinical scoring of face wrinkles at 4 months what a great day for some self-care with the revolution rehab collection designed to nourish recover your brows, lips lashes tap to see the products our pure retinol night serum to the test l’oréal paris invited real women to participate in a clinical study to test the efficacy of our laser pure retinol night serum. so effective, the clinical test proved after 4 months of use, the wrinkles are visibly reduced. see the results for yourself! love this brow routine ft. by @amelia.szczepaniak products used: @wishfulskin thirst trap juice in rich brown @hudabeautyshop luminous matte foundation fair wifey the next generation of concealer has been born. new original liquid mineral concealer uses minimal clean ingredients and works like skincare to brighten and smooth skin while it corrects. now available exclusively at @qvc. new dior forever natural nude our iconic dior forever foundation features a new skin-loving formula composed of 96 natural-origin ingredients. its brand new more lightweight finish delivers perfect skin that lasts 24 hours for every skin tone. dior forever skin glow 7n dior forever natural nude 1n dior forever 4w brows deserve some love too! rehab brow care serum: packed with skin loving ingredients! with nourishing castor oil and shea butter to promote brow growth and repair the brow area at the same time! share with a friend to remind them to treat themselves @velabeauty makes brow contact before she makes eye contact she's using the brow-sessive brow pencil in medium brown and brow-sessive brow gel in clear get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com psa: in case no one told you today… you’re doing amazing, sweetie! tag your hype person in the comments! @livingwithclaireity we’re delighted to announce ana de armas as the face of our newest floral fragrance, we’ve bottled up everything we love most about to bring you a modern that’s fresh, youthful, and unapologetically feminine. tap to shop the new fragrance now. @anadarmas @ishablaaker bringing out our best brows with rehab soap care just like your fave soap styler but with a hydrating formula and added jojoba castor oil double tap if you want to try this palette is comment below if you'd wear it giveaway!! winners have been contacted via dm we’re so excited to partner with our friends @makeuperaser to give two lucky babes the ultimate beauty prize pack that includes everything in this photo! prize pack includes: born this way eye shadow palette, lip injection extreme, better than sex mascara, lip injection lip gloss shades pretty pony, secure the bag, people pleaser, hangover face primer, chocolate soleil bronzer, pink @makeuperaser, white makeup eraser, pink 7-day set, pink mini makeup eraser, sponge, and let’s get physical set!⁣ how to enter:⁣ like save this post⁣ follow @makeuperaser, @jerrodblandino, and @toofaced⁣ tag 2 besties they must be following, too!⁣ for additional entries comment with a on our most recent posts!⁣ us intl giveaway ends 36 the winners will be contacted via dm. good luck! want @haileybieber’s lit-from-within glow? new original liquid mineral foundation leaves skin flawless and naturally luminous. @sephora be one of the 5 lucky winners to win our entire 9-pan fam! what you'll win: 9w smoke shadow 9h hot for hue 9c color me cool 9t neutral terriority 9j just a crush 9v vintage rose 9s so chill 9l lavendaze 9d painted desert 9k khaki calling how to enter: follow @morphebrushes! like this post⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣⁣ tag a babe 1 comment 1 entry⁣⁣ bonus entry: drop your fave 9-pan palette in emoji below good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends 3821, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. that soft whipped texture our new marshmellow primer is just as satisfying as it is smoothing available online at nyxcosmetics.com @muamartini dare to love at first spritz with new notes of magnolia chronofleur, rose ultimate, and sandalwood make up this green for a one-of-a-kind scent that’s both feminine and fresh. now, if only you could smell this through your screen… brow-sessive brow pencils brow gels are a match made in brow heaven get them @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com blue bougie @katie.artistry in bff 20 color shadow palette pick out the best primer for you and try on our total control pro drop foundation with pro artist @andreasantiago it's your lucky day when you purchase a limited edition bff 20 color shadow palette now, you could be one of 20 people randomly selected to receive a deluxe version signed by @alondradessy @elsyguevara! bon appetit! cushiony, comfy shine in 15 juicy colors. which shade of new mineralist lip gloss-balm are you most excited to try? shades, from left to right: enlightenment rich plum serenity nude pink trust coral adventure golden bronze zen wine berry clarity clear light pink women empower women! show us your own powerful makeup looks. do you prefer the left look or the right one? comment down below. left look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bronzing powder compact long-lasting n°50 almond⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pro tip brow liner n°12 ebony tip⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow base⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°206 brazilian coffee⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ eyeshadow n°210 golden highlights⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ volume sensation mascara lashes n°1⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°13 brown orange blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ soft lip liner waterproof n°140 anise⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high performance lipstick n°462 light pompeian red⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ right look:⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ bronzing powder n°30 terracotta⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ultra fine brow liner n°11 coal⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ brow filler n°3 brown⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ high precision liquid liner n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ all in one mascara n°01 black⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ blusher n°35 oriental blush⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ perfect color lipstick n°806 artdeco red⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ magic fix⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ glow powder n°3 silk road⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ drop the shade name that describes your wednesday @hausofbeautyyy how does @lenkalul do soap brows? using the new rehab soap care styler and brush, of course! power couple when using retinol products such as the pure retinol night serum, always make sure to use an spf moisturizer the morning after, such as the laser spf 20. your skin will be protected and grateful! your favorite better than sex mascara now comes in limited edition packaging designed by our fave social superstars! it’s still the same ultra-dark black formula just in a cute little outfit! in paris, marine vacth is wearing healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear in b30. natural is a style. available in 35 shades. thank you laura j for your wonderful feedback! the bain cicaextreme is enriched with a powerful combination of hyaluronic acid duo and edelweiss oil. the formula deeply replenishes and restore elasticity, repairing post-bleached hair for a stronger, more resistant, shinier blonde without frizz or split ends. are you already using bain cicaextreme? share with us your feedback in the comment section down below! we’d love to know bestie vibes only. something hot is coming soon you dropped your favorite blush and now it looks like this what’s the first thing you do!? hellooo texture a lil texture moment with our fave primers @honeydewgloss snaps a few of our faves: bright maker primer marshmellow smoothing primer hydra touch primer which one are you dreaming of? which morphe x @maddieziegler glaze dreams lip gloss are you gonna wear? peach out pink about it oh so berry @trendmood1 @byjessicahedman frames this glowy glam using our micro brow pencil in 'ash brown' which brow product is your go-to for snatched arches? giveaway closed! congrats @throughninaseyes, @amityxx, @glambyjoshy, @momentsofmary @michelle.o27, @aspenbaee, @szamoraa, @gotilliego, @haileyyshields, @makeup.wjenni! thank you to everyone who participated! @madisonbeer fans enter for a chance to be one of 4 to win a ticket to madison’s sold out virtual one-on-one meet and greet 6 runners-up will get a virtual streaming ticket to madison’s life support virtual concert happening this saturday mar 6 and sunday mar 7. all 10 winners will also get an entire collection how to enter: follow @morphebrushes and @madisonbeer like this post tag your bestie who is your life support check out madison’s collection on morphe.com and comment on this post, your favorite shade name from her channel surfing palette good luck, giveaway is open internationally and ends march 4th 2021 at 3pm pst, the winner will be announced on this post and dm'd. includes one-time access to the stream and access to a virtual 1-on-1 mg with madison herself. meet and greets will happen sometime after the show. either on march 7th or sometime during the following week. includes one-time access to the stream and access to exclusive, limited-edition merchandise the super-skinny tip of our micro brow pencil draws ultra fine lines, allowing you to create natural looking brow strokes on the fly it's ok to be a little extra check back tomorrow for some spicy news @chassydimitra lash goals!! @hayleystpierre slays her eye game with our better than sex mascara for the most luscious, dramatic, and volumized lashes possible! @janellechristinaa compliments this vibrant with sleek, defined brows she uses our fill fluff eyebrow pomade pencil to fill style which is calling out to you? this is some real hot girl shit from @stevie.cakes shine on who's gifting this month's dreamy aquamarine birthstone palette?! mask hack: try a lip cheek stain for a sheer wash of color that won’t rub off! @chloemorello waxing is back you heard that right our benefit boutiques and browbars at @macys @ultabeauty are now open for beauty business! just hit the link in our bio to find your nearest location! as always, your safety is our priority. rest assured that our teams have completed rigorous hygiene training and are implementing additional protective measures to ensure your entire experience is clean, safe worry-free! stunners are you all about the neutrals or pops of color in the bff 20 color shadow palette?! @browngirlfriendly always keep in mind: you've got the power! create your powerful looks and tag us with @artdecobeauties for a chance to be featured. are you team blue or pink? swipe left to see the other eye look. recreate the blue look: eyeshadow n°255 aero spring green eyeshadow n°261 green harmony eyeshadow n°373 glam gold dust long-lasting liquid liner n°08 blue soft eyeliner waterproof n°72 green turquoise all in one mascara get the pink look: eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve eyeshadow n°90 pearly antique purple eyeshadow n°115 pearly pleasant breeze all in one mascara image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup like @natalieportman, love your skin in dior and enjoy 24-hour long-lasting, natural-looking perfection with the extraordinary dior forever foundation. the new saga showcases the iconic no-transfer skin-caring foundation that celebrates women's beauty, now and forever. lesson 101: how to casting crème gloss follow these 3 steps to blend away your greys with a natural-looking color full of shimmering tones! what's your pro tip when using this product? regram our lovely @jenaru experiments with our art couture nail lacquers and color care nail lacquers are you team ‘rainbow nails’ or do you prefer it in one color? something for all the bookworms! it's world book day and we have to get our hands on the revolution colour book palettes! there are a few sequels to the novel so make sure you collect them all! reach for your casting! have you found your shade yet? did you know that casting crème gloss collection is available in over 30 glossy shades to ensure everyone can bring a casting crème box into their homes. be tough, be ambitious and always go for what you want! no matter if you choose a rosy lip look, a fierce winged liner or a colorful eyeshadow- simply dare something new! beauty note: warm lip colors often work well with warm tones for your eyeshadow. you've been served our limited edition e.l.f. x @chipotle drops on 39 for beauty squad loyalty program members it's free and easy to join! and 310 for non-members the collection: chipotle eyeshadow palette, $16: 12 eyeshadow shades inspired by the ingredients on the chipotle line make it hot lip gloss, $8: a fiery hot lip plumping gloss infused with lip-loving vitamin e and coconut oil extra guac face sponge set, $10: a 2-piece sponge set including an avocado sponge with angled and rounded sides and a mini pit sponge for those hard-to-reach areas use the to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to be notified when it launches on 39 ana de armas never fails to light up the screen, and now she’s stealing hearts in our new campaign. lights. camera. spritz! @anadarmas @ishablaaker ana de armas never fails to light up the screen, and now she’s stealing hearts in our new campaign. lights. camera. spritz! @anadarmas @ishablaaker fake a little sun-kissed glow with gen nude blonzers. they combine the rosiness of a blush with the warmth of a bronzer. @theglowyvirgo @makeupbyshae has used our revolution colour book 01 to do this makeup look inspired by emojis also wearing our conceal hydrate foundation concealer and our pout bomb in shade 'glaze' we aren’t red-y for @iamglamgirlz she fills in and defines her brows with precisely, my brow eyebrow pencil 5 warm black-brown! in the mood for new? our kitty likes to scratch palette is full of 8 purrrrfect neutrals that will take your look from daytime dreamy to nighttime sultry! available at @meccamaxima in the mood for new? our kitty likes to scratch palette is full of 8 purrrrfect neutrals that will take your look from daytime dreamy to nighttime sultry! available at @meccamaxima when you're reading a few books at the same time the revolution colour books will take you on a journey with 24 shimmer hues on the left and 24 matching matte shades on the right, the hardback edition!⁣ tap to view the palettes! who wants to go dark blonde? if your answer is yes, you're in the right place! go dark blonde in 20 minutes with the help of our ammonia free semi-permanent hair dye, casting crème gloss. you won't be disappointed as it's set to last up to 28 shampoos. @princess.kaae this golden hour complexion can't be topped w in filter deep 34 @princess.kaae this golden hour complexion can't be topped w in filter deep 34 @missjazminad has us mesmerized with this juicy of our new shine loud high shine lip color in 'shake things up' tag a lippie lover that would rock this shade available at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty repost @huda have you ever felt like you couldn't post a picture because you felt it wasn't 'up to standards' of what everyone else looks like on instagram? you're not alone my loves. for anyone who may have missed it, we've been talking about this for over three years. this is not a trend. i’m talking about some of the insecurities that have been created from the problem which is the over-photoshop, over-facetune, not-enough realness. i posted this message a few times before in the past and got a lot of negative comments some really mean ones. i’m posting this conversation again and even though i’m still getting some mean ones, i’m seeing every single one of your positive comments. you guys are the reason why we're going to do this together, we're going to change the narrative. let's do this together! if you're comfortable enough to post something like this, please know that i support you and i am here for you. let's change the crazy narrative that has basically been telling us that we are not enough, when we are more than enough!!!!!!!!! you asked… we answered! introducing new a clean, floral scent that’ll leave you feeling petal-fresh season after season. tap to shop your new favorite grab your new fave eyelash primer for only $5 when you buy a full-size both for $17, a $22 value for a limited time at morphe.com and select morphe stores! benefits: preps lashes for ultimate volume⁣ conditions lashes for mascara application⁣ intensifies the color of mascara⁣ it's an avocado new limited edition e.l.f. x @chipotle extra guac face sponge set is a 2-piece sponge set including an avocado sponge with angled and rounded sides and a mini pit sponge for hard-to-reach areas for $10 use the to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program it's free and easy to join! to be notified when the collection launches on 39. launches on 310 for non-members magnetically charged brush magnetic mineral enriched formula 40 longer lashes have you tried they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara yet!? discover our new extraordinary foundation and its brand new fresh and fluid texture infused with more than 50 water. put only the essentials on your skin with dior forever natural nude to get a uniform, smooth and stronger skin, 36 more hydrated all day long. dior forever natural nude 1n it's a bird! it's a plane! it's...your eyelashes because you used our high on lash eyelash curler to lift your lashes to new heights get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty and always at wentwildbeauty.com women inspiring women! discover a powerful makeup look and dare something with a new look. swipe left to see all products used! recreate this powerful look: bronzing powder compact long-lasting n°50 almond pro tip brow liner n°12 ebony tip eyeshadow base eyeshadow n°525 matt handmade chocolate eyeshadow n°206 brazilian coffee eyeshadow n°210 golden highlights volume sensation mascara lashes n°1 blusher n°13 brown orange blush glossy lip voluminizer image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup melting away quicker than you can say... one more scoop, plz! @shemakeupartistry blended that berry artistry on @ellaaevee w the morphe x volume ii palette the peach bloom obsession is real! apply our peach bloom lip cheek tint on your cheekbones and use a damp makeup sponge for that fresh-as-a-peach glow!! shop now at @douglascosmetics create like a real artist with the create brushes the perfect collection for liquid and powder products, these multipurpose brushes are ideal for professionals and beginners alike share with a friend wondering where to apply our new gen nude blonzers? follow a w shape to hit the high points of your face just like the sun would. we're all about these blues, boo @isabelleikpeme in aquamarine for march 7 color shadow palette @macdaddyy met big poppa mascara, and now his lashes are the biggest and baddest! slay, king get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com alert we're giving away a bundle of our pigment-packed, faves to 1 lucky beauty! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 1:00 pm pt on march 4, 2021 and ends at 1:00 pm pt on march 5, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. naturally. @ayobamiokekunle is wearing the br172 shade of les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. available in 35 shades. one swipe pigment no color transfer vegan formula shop our shine loud high shine lip color in ‘shake things up’ today caution: this is hot limited edition make it hot lip gloss is a vitamin e and coconut oil-infused lip plumping gloss with a fiery tint of color that drops on 39 for beauty squad loyalty program members its free and easy to join and 310 for non-members for $8 use our to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program when the highlight hits just right @missmixed shines on we're keepin' it juicy with the help of our viral shine loud high shine lip color in 'on a mission' shop this pigment packed lippie online at nyxcosmetics.com @ultabeauty nothing could’ve prepared us for this transformation watch mascara in action as it takes lashes to extreme lengths! @natalia.love.caban serves this classic glam using our new spring faves here's the breakdown: shine loud high shine lip color in 'on a mission' lift snatch brow tint pen marshmallow smoothing primer shop the look online at nyxcosmetics.com where would you wear the brow down to @alyxcamille for this killer brow game look come thru power lippie! @artistrybyalana applies our shine loud high shine lip color in 'on a mission' for this ultra glossy moment your holy-grail mascara is just a click away @makeupshayla, @chrisspy, and @iluvsarahii dressed up our iconic better than sex mascara with limited-edition packaging inspired by their personality passions! giveaway closed we young entrepreneurs @kherispoppin and @officiallylexip did you catch our unfiltered talk with them? tap our stories for the highlights if you missed it! enter to win a bundle of bh goodies plus three @officialflexininmycomplexion tees and some amazing @curlanistas products from their brands: follow @bhcosmetics, @curlanistas and @officialflexininmycomplexion here on tag 3 friends below to spread the love! good luck! one winner announced on 39 at 10:00am pst on this post congrats @opclarita make a bold statement with extreme-wear, waterproof color. from now through 306, save 40 on award-winning gel eye crayon when you shop our beauty closet sale on marcjacobsbeauty.com and at @sephora. up, up away! take your lash game to new heights with the lightweight formula is enriched with eye safe! magnetic particles to build unreal length! ready to show off with your favorite polish? never forget: powerful looks include powerful nails. which shade gives you the power for the day? comment down below. color care nail lacquer n°585 almond blossom⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ color care nail lacquer n°465 beloved burgundy⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ color care nail lacquer n°517 cosy mauve⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ color care nail lacquer n°540 blueberry juice beauty note: our color care nail lacquer combines beautiful colors infused with avocado oil for a nourishing finish.⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ pick one: 1, 2 or 3? from brunette to blonde, we've got you covered! casting crème gloss's formula will enrich your hairs natural beauty and shine to help you achieve a refreshing, glossy color in no time. don't forget to always patch test 48 hours before use. pick one: 1, 2 or 3? from brunette to blonde, we've got you covered! casting crème gloss's formula will enrich your hairs natural beauty and shine to help you achieve a refreshing, glossy color in no time. don't forget to always patch test 48 hours before use. thinnest brow pencil in the world so gorgeous @beautybyroxc @hudabeauty bomb brow pencil black brown soft black you can literally mimik your brow hairs without the worry of them looking to thick or blocky the pencil is super fine my brows look micro bladed i used two shades soft black brown black to create a subtle ombré look as i like the front lighter. foundation faux filter foundation cinnamon concealer over achiever cinnamon baking powder in baklava @hudabeautyshop the whole point of makeup is to look effervescent, like you were born with that. i think that's very powerful. beautiful @kotaeberhardt is wearing dior forever skin glow in shade 4w warm. dior forever skin glow 4w they say shoot for the stars so if you fall you land on a cloud ultra violet is bringing all the cosmic vibes with its blue metallics and shimmering browns tag a cosmic babe rn repost @thebeautyradar 24 hour oil foundation test, i wasn’t prepared for the result ahead with les beiges. an imperceptible, protective, and hydrating formula. 35 shades available. 100 of women found their perfect shade of dior forever foundations in 3 finishes. join the community of dior women by using dior forever to boost your inner sparkle and stand out with confidence. dior forever women are strong and powerful. they belong in the spotlight. forever. dare to love our newest fragrance featuring our newest ana de armas. tap to shop get ready to fall hopelessly in love with it! @anadarmas it's ultra violet! it's so easy to get lost into this beautiful collection of buttery mattes and edgy metallics, joined by multi-dimensional, semi-sheer shades give it a below if you really want it! honey, i'm home! where are all of our honey blondes at? casting crème gloss is on a mission to help you achieve a yummy natural looking color full of shimmering tones from the comfort of your home. it's perfect for first grey coverage, do you agree? the perfect spring nail color doesn't ex- out of pistachios dries in 40 seconds, lasts 5 days, and costs $3.99 @pamperedpolishes get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com in my opinion, beauty comes from self-confidence. dior forever makes my confidence stand out more. find your perfect dior forever skin glow shade like @sonnurinuri, who wears 1w. dior forever skin glow 1w lashes are in @daiisycarters gets these mind-blowing lashes using our better than sex mascara! which liner style is your fav? @cutcreaser wish upon a sugar ray this palette has pink mattes and pretty pressed pearls that allow you to achieve an intense array of revolutionary looks⁣ from out of space!⁣ tag a partner in makeup we have liftoff! magnetic brush pulls the mineral enriched formula up out beyond lash tips for extreme results! get the full-size for $27 and mini for $15 everywhere benefit is sold @ultabeauty, @sephora, @macys, @nordstrom, @hsn, @qvc, @birchbox, @revolvebeauty, @beautylish, @urbanoutfitters, @asos, @saks, @bloomingdales, benefitcosmetics.com, and boutiques! hint. tint. glow. what are your fave @morphe2 products? @xie.chaoyu is wearing the bd11 shade of les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. a radiant complexion, as if you just spent a day in the great outdoors. available in 35 shades. we’re still glowing with gratitude. thank you to all of our becca beauties for the outpouring of love and kindness.. over the coming months we’ll be celebrating becca and the community you’ve given us. to join in the celebration, share with us your favorite becca looks, moments and products, and tag us with @beccacosmetics and congrats to our winners @lanikanatash and @cdubsbeauty two lucky people will have the chance to win the new e.l.f. x @chipotle collection launching 310 plus free burritos for a year from @chipotle how to enter: [1] follow @elfcosmetics and @chipotle [2] tag two friends in the comments. giveaway starts now and ends sunday, march 7th at 9 a.m. pt. no purchase necessary. limit 1 entry per post. one winner will be randomly chosen from entries via our post and one winner from entries via chipotle’s post and contacted via direct message. void where prohibited. official rules at: https:bit.ly30epv6o. the power of a primer fill your way to flawlessness with our pore filler primer available online at nyxcosmetics.com @nyxcosmeticsuk we can't get enough of it! what do you love most about casting crème gloss? is it the amonia-free formula? the glossy results? the grey coverage? we want to hear from you, leave your review below! hypnotize the senses with a spirited and unexpected signature scent: new the heart of the dreamy encloses a garden of elegant flowers composed of chinese pink magnolia, solar gardenia, and rose ultimate notes. happy birthday to singersongwriter @madisonbeer! drop all the love below to wish our the best birthday grab the entire collection for 30 off on morphe.com select morphe stores! say aloha to our fan-fave hangin' in hawaii! all dolled up with a new look get in, wild ones, and try nail colors that dry in 40 seconds and last 5 days pictured: out of pistachios get them @walmart @amazon @fivebelow @dollargeneral 38 @riteaid @cvspharmacy @heb and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we can't get enough of expressive and powerful looks! red is your color? be strong and confident every day and fear no consequences with this stunning look! swipe left to take a closer look on eyes and lips. recreate this look: bronzing powder n°30 terracotta ultra fine brow liner n°11 coal brow filler n°3 brown high precision liquid liner n°01 black all in one mascara n°01 black blusher n°35 oriental blush perfect color lipstick n°806 artdeco red magic fix glow powder n°3 silk road image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup no stickiness, no heaviness, just the good stuff. new mineralist lip gloss-balm provides the nourishment and comfort of a balm with a glossy sheer finish in 15 shades. no stickiness, no heaviness, just the good stuff. new mineralist lip gloss-balm provides the nourishment and comfort of a balm with a glossy sheer finish in 15 shades. curated by @jaclynhill, this 25-piece set of soft brushes provides everything you need collection includes: jh01 powder brush jh02 bronzer brush jh03 ride-or-die foundation brush jh04 blush brush jh05 perfect contour brush jh06 my everything brush jh07 under-eye powder brush jh08 anything creamy brush jh09 glow baby glow brush jh10 snatch your edges brush jh30 beast mode blender brush jh31 fluffy blender brush jh32 transition blender brush jh33 universal blender brush jh34 carve your crease brush jh35 upper crease brush jh36 eye buffer brush jh37 buffer blender brush jh38 perfect pencil brush jh39 inner corner highlight brush jh40 precise blender brush jh41 all over lid brush jh42 brow bone highlight brush jh43 eyeliner smudge brush master case @makeupbysanchez spills the tea on how she reduces the appearance of pores with our pore filler primer which primer is your holy grail? sugar ray looks like a dream on @melissaaaaaj drop a if you want all the cosmic space vibes! let your eyes do the talking international superstar @sananas2106 dressed up our iconic better than sex mascara in a super fashionable luxe alligator design! availiable now at @sephorafrance and toofaced.com this is a brow collection appreciation post what’s your ride-or-die brow product and why!? @jastookes tips for keeping her hair healthy? always protect it from heat-damage! the luxurious thermique régénérant provides thermal protection up to 230°c and frizz control for your hair. its formula enriched with hyaluronic acid, abyssine and vitamin e helps fight the signs of ageing hair such as dryness and thinning. apply 2-3 pumps on your dry or towel-dried hair, then blow dry with a hair dryer or straightener. which thermique are you using to protect your hair before blow-dryheating tools? tell us in the comments down below! o thermique régénérant da nova coleção é um leave-in regenerador e protetor térmico, enriquecido com ácido hialurônico, abyssine e vitamina e. sua fórmula em creme revitaliza e suaviza a textura da fibra capilar, além de proteger os fios dos danos causados pelas ferramentas de calor, ele também controla o frizz. hawaii's little makeover includes the same beachy shades formulas you love, with fresh and more sustainable packaging! cheeks out @glamxbrit in bellini 6 color blush palette orange you glad you watched this video? @eileenamirian puts our pore filler to the test shop this essential at nyxcosmetics.com eyes. chips. face. our limited-edition e.l.f. x @chipotle eyes. chips. face. makeup bag $18 fits the entire e.l.f. x @chipotle collection and launches 39 for our beauty squad loyalty program members it's free and easy to join! and 310 for non-members set your alarms and use the to sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to be notified when the collection drops it's the 100 shade match guarantee for me we made getting shade matched easy! head over to any product page on nyxcosmetics.com and speak to a pro artist for a free virtual consultation mon-fri 9am-6pm pst dreaming of pastel eyes. @christianschild used gel eye crayon in deja blue and mist me? on @kristinsoleydrab for @vogueczechoslovakia. art direction, hair makeup by: @christianschild photography by: @alexschier styling by: @lukasblasberg @noelleplay is killing the complexion game with this shine-free, oil-absorbing pressed filter effect finishing powder. lay it all on the line with lilac. tap to shop gel eye crayon for 40 off now through 306 at marcjacobsbeauty.com. ends 309 online @sephora. @kafayatx wears our total control pro drop foundation as a base for this quick cranberry glam describe your friday mood with a shade from the palette vol ii @trendmood1 level up with our let’s play mini eye shadow palette! this mini palette features 8 fully-charged multi-finish shades that will have you saying game on! we're celebrating international women's month by participating in the initiative! we're sharing our aim to make beauty more positive for all whether that means posting unfiltered photos or practicing lots of self-love and affirmation @che.mosley works to make beauty more positive by motivating others to change standards through hard work, passion, eating healthy, body acceptance and building self-esteem how do you raise your hand high and tag us at alert calling all complexion queens! we're giving away a bundle of our foundation faves essentials to 1 lucky beauty! here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics like this post tag a friend it's that easy! us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 5:00 pm pt on march 5, 2021 and ends at 5:00 pm pt on march 6, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where prohibited. big lash energy our new mascara is an instant fave for @scarletmay.1! who needs falsies when you can get length like this!? fresh ingredients, even fresher looks the limited-edition e.l.f. x @chipotle eyeshadow palette has 12 matte, shimmer and metallic shades inspired by everyones' favorite ingredients on the @chipotle line for $16 tap to be the first to get the limited-edition e.l.f. x @chipotle collection on 39 by signing up for our beauty squad loyalty program it's free!. launches on 310 for non-members drop a if @makeupbyelliee slayed this look used: channel surfing palette liquid highlighters “enter galactic” “fairy tears” channel surfing lipgloss in “saturn” x luminous setting spray in “lock down” grab 30 off the entire collection on morphe.com select morphe stores little hairs here there about how many strokes does it take to fill in your eyebrows? comment the number below! powerful looks start with powerful lips! with our perfect mat lipstick n°116 poppy red unforgettable statement lips are done within seconds. backstage essentials the makeup professionals have spoken! check these 5 must-have products they simply cannot do without: new color riche lipstick intense color impact with a soft, creamy texture paradise mascara instant breathtaking volume and ultra-soft application infaillible 24h fresh wear foundation powder covers like liquid, mattifies like a powder elnett strong hold gives natural hair movement while holding every hairstyle for hours revitalift 1,5 pure hyaluronic acid serum hydrates the skin with a dewy finish and perfect as a makeup base too any of these products on your top 5? let us know in the comments! @parisfashionweek this extraordinary foundation chosen by millions of women is now availabe in 3 different finishes and more than 70 customized shades with 6 different undertones: from warm olive to cool rosy and everything in between, there's a perfect match for every skin tone. dior forever dior forever skin glow wearing dior forever foundation is the perfect combination of perfection and reliability all day long. life is in motion, and dior forever provides you with 24 hours of no-transfer wear for a life-proof complexion. dior forever dior forever skin glow dior forever foundation is much more than just a makeup product. it's also your best friend! improve the quality of your complexion day after day with its floral extract-enriched formula available in 3 new finishes. dior forever dior forever skin glow back in stock our most instagrammable @revolutionskincare product ever! it's all about that collodial gold for us say goodbye to tired, puffy eyes with the revolution skincare gold eye hydrogel hydrating eye patches. double tap if you can't stop replaying this video “people like to assume that i dress the way that i do for this or that. they like to write me in the narrative that best suits their narrow visions. but i dare to take the pen back @lycheepurin don’t let anyone or society tell you who you are and what you can and cannot do! dare to express yourself! dare to be you. hi brow our fantastic global make-up director @thevalgarland and our gorgeous supermodel @cindybruna teams up to bring you a hot fw 2122 trend! the ‘hi brow’ look draws immediate attention to your eyes and can be achieved in a flash! just follow this easy tutorial. are you ready to try it? @parisfashionweek lightweight night concentrate rich face cream nourishing eye cream renewing neck cream. all plant-powered, all effective. meet your new routine for ageless skin. who else get all the good vibes from our forever flawless chilled palette? double tap if you do!⁣ @prjct.panner “for me, having it all is not a myth. it’s a reality. i will dare to want it all, i will dare to have it all!” @dianeeeeeeeeee dare to want more and dare to have it all! the extreme photoshop and over-editing have created unrealistic standards of beauty, and it has gone way too far! we need to know what’s real in the ads we see on the internet; otherwise, we don’t know what we are really being sold! we are not asking brands to stop photoshopping although less would be great!! all we want is for brands to disclose what they are doing to their images! when we launched wishful skincare, we decided we wanted to make the brand free of makeup, photoshop, models we use our team, and also filters after all, it’s skincare, so it doesn’t make sense to use makeup and editing for campaigns! when we looked around for other brands to see who else was doing this, we found barely any, and i was shocked and kind of mad, to say the least!! clearly, there is a problem but where does it stem?! when brands, influencers, or celebrities post heavily edited images, it sets unrealistic beauty standards for everyone. beauty is a tool of empowerment, not to be used solely to make money, and therefore ignore its positive power! it is life-changing when it's used as a form of expression and empowerment instead of making beauty a tool of exclusion and unworthiness! the beauty industry has been used and honestly abused to capitalize off of everyone’s insecurities for waaay too long, and those overly photoshopped images are a way of keeping that dangerous narrative going! we’ve been trapped in creating this standard of ‘perfection,’ and i realize now more than ever before just how harmful it can be. i want everyone to join us on this journey to demand transparency from your fave brands. it’s 2021, and enough is enough! check out the full youtube video youtube.comhudabeauty find out how your voice can help change this. love you all so much throw your hands in the air for big poppa mascara castor oil nourishes your lashes, and a 500 bristle hourglass wand coats each lash evenly! get it @walmart @amazon @target @ultabeauty @walgreens and always at wetnwildbeauty.com we’ll take them all, please. complexion rescue tinted moisturizer is the makeup, skincare, and spf 3-in-1 that’s got shades for days 20 to be exact. @ultabeauty the forever flawless mini dynamic chilled eyeshadow palette and the chilled lip set to match containing a creme lip, a sheer lip a lip pencil! our secret weapon for ultra-smooth, razor-sharp lines! experience total control with our killer liner, available in 11 shades different shades. the eyeshadows you've been craving the limited-edition e.l.f. x @chipotle eyeshadow palette drops on 39 for beauty squad loyalty program members it's free and easy to join! and on 310 for non-members tap to shop and sign up for our beauty squad loyalty program to be notified when the collection launches @harbsy meet 9j just a crush palette $12usd a playful palette of ultra-wearable pink and purple shades for flirty looks 247 now available on morphe.com morphe stores! grab any two 9-pan palettes at morphe for $20usd here’s what they're real! magnet extreme lengthening mascara can do for your lashes power mystique the fallwinter 21-22 collection by @eliesaabworld, filled with their signature strong feminine silhouettes, got the ultimate final touch! @bassamfattouh created all-absorbing black-toned eyes contrasted with soft nude skin, which was completed with raw slicked hair-looks by @wassimmorkos. replicate this look with -revitalift filler serum -infaillible 24h fresh wear foundation powder -air volume mega mascara -la vie en glow highlighter palette -brilliant signature, 305 be captivating -elnett strong hold hairspray @parisfashionweek @iamkerolyn is wearing the b50 shade of les beiges healthy glow foundation hydration and longwear. a radiant complexion, skin that is hydrated and safeguarded against daily aggressors, a barely-there formula. available in 35 shades. calling all glow queens! light up any look with a few drops of our new total control pro drop foundation illuminators here's how pro artist @makeupwithivan's creates his custom total control pro drop foundation total control pro drop foundation hue shifter in 'light' total control pro drop foundation illuminator in 'warm' @nessasunshine used her and is ready for a stay-cation let transport you to a realm of luxury within the comfort of your home. gently massage the ultimate diamond eye serum with its cooling ceramic wand into your eye area. let our whisper-like, satin formula absorb into your skin it reduces the look of dark circles in four weeks. consumer testing on 29 women after using the product for 4 weeks daily. currently dreaming of... @evyxo in her travel series serve lost in los angeles 16 color shadow palette apres in aspen 6 color highlighter palette shimmering nudes berry hues tag that friend you always have a glam good time with we can't stop watching this! @meghanbethh using our ‘chilled’ palette shades plant, leaf, candy land and acapulco she's smoooooth glow up any look with a few drops of our total control pro drop foundation illuminators this lightweight, buildable formula is infused with reflective pearls for a 3d glowy finish wear alone, mix into your foundation, or wear on top for an ultra-lit finish available online at nyxcosmetics.com @maquillageitup we can't get enough of of this limited-edition design of our better than sex mascara!! social superstar @shanigrimmond dressed up our iconic mascara inspired by her signature sexy modern nude makeup! take a fresh bite of our delish, vegan, and extra clean blueberry muffin 16 color shadow palette trust us, beauties! it's time to create a powerful eye look to express your individual strength. create your signature look which makes you most confident! swipe left to see the whole look. get this powerful look: eyeshadow n°574 matt tender mauve eyeshadow n°90 pearly antique purple eyeshadow n°115 pearly pleasant breeze blusher n°23 deep pink blush hot chili lip booster n°3 rosy chili 3 in 1 make-up fixing spray image credits: @inna.beauty.makeup “i have never followed the rules or followed the pack.” @blackwelljo @dopdopsalon dare to be fearless! makeup pro artist @autumn.nicole.artistry serves ultra-lit up skin by mixing a few drops of our new total control pro drop foundation illuminators into her foundation here's her total control pro drop foundation in 'vanilla' total control pro drop foundation illuminator in 'cool' dewy setting spray these shades look good enough to eat the limited-edition e.l.f. x @chipotle eyeshadow palette has 12 shades inspired by the ingredients on the @chipotle line the entire e.l.f. x @chipotle collection launches on 39 for beauty squad loyalty program members it's free and easy to join! and 310 for non-members tap to sign up now to be notified when it drops! we’re back with another mask hack! lightly mist the porefessional: super setter on the inside of your mask before you wear it to prevent makeup transfer! @gabrielle.shoots gemsquad alert @a1delatorre is all about aquamarine for march’s affectionate, daydreamer and big heart vibes tag us in your beautiful blue looks! alert we've partnered with one of our favorite black-owned small businesses to hook 1 lucky beauty up with a bundle of our go-to nudes in collaboration with @nudebarre, we're giving away a pair of their new boyshorts, a matching bralette, a pair of tights, and our everyday makeup essentials here's how to enter: follow @nyxcosmetics @nudebarre like this post tag a friend it's that easy us only. official rules: no purchase necessary. you must be over 13 years, a legal us resident. starts at 2:00 pm pt on march 6, 2021 and ends at 2:00 pm pt on march 7, 2021. odds of winning depend on the total number of entries received. void where @ling.kt said hydrated skin w our new foundation in medium 16 who else 's our filter effect foundation? high-performance pigment that lasts overnight. play up your eyes with longwearing gel eye crayon. today is the last day to save 40 on select shades of during our beauty closet sale on marcjacobsbeauty.com. ends 309 online @sephora. @jayyglamm creates a custom using our total control pro drop foundation in 'nude' as a base she adds in a few drops of our hue shifters in 'cool' 'dark' to slay a perfect match @jayyglamm creates a custom using our total control pro drop foundation in 'nude' as a base she adds in a few drops of our hue shifters in 'cool' 'dark' to slay a perfect match